second , comprehensive management .
under such a background , china must merge with the world economy , it is necessary to speed up the development of high - tech industries , and increase our comprehensive national strength and the improvement of this industry position in the international division of labor .
article 20 the people 's bank of china , the establishment of the renminbi issuance set up in its branches , branch in charge of were assigned to the renminbi issuance funds .
in the beginning of the new millennium , all walks of life take advantage of this gathering of open up new ideas , as a new blueprint for the trend of world development of the new century .
people are worried that is the spacecraft the rocket 头顶 .
china 's manned spaceflight 事在人为 , it is necessary to follow the first time .
however , many the development of scientists and editing personnel have increasingly felt china 's scientific and technical periodicals have far behind the development of china 's science and technology .
from the middle east to the balkans , in somalia to afghanistan , it has almost no one day busy themselves not meddle in others ' affairs , without a war . years are not interfere in other countries '
according to a briefing , the cppcc national committee , domestically and overseas chinese committee last year , taiwan will work as the focus of work .
the vast number of developing countries also realize that only through participation and cooperation , can we gradually change the irrational and unfair international economic order and one of the important reason for this is precisely a large number of developing countries 's accession to the wto .
( 第四十一 no. ) zhu bangzao talk about sino - russian military cooperation " beijing , 15 feb - - foreign ministry spokesman zhu bangzao said here today that the sino - russian military cooperation is aimed at strengthening national defense , safeguard the sovereignty and territorial integrity .
in 1995 , the eu had mentioned in the " leading to the european security policy in 2000 " report , the eu 's common security and foreign policy of the establishment of a european collective security mechanism should be taken as the goal .
tang yao - ming : i fully grasped the movements of the communist troops 王炯华 . the taipei telecom
at present , the level of the yuan exchange rate , relatively accord with the current domestic economic structure , domestic inflation rate has sustained decline , and the renminbi at home and appreciation of pressure has yielded underestimate the outside world will also exist in reality .
一九九九年六月 , sichuan chemical 机械厂 cooperation with france 法马通 company , production , and was completed in january this year started to 百万千瓦 level large pressure on the water reactor nuclear power 厂主 channel officially products .
tunisia highly praised the internal and external policy pursued by the chinese leaders , and expressed deep admiration for the achievements made by china in economic and social development .
comprehensively practice will certainly promote china 's all - round reform .
xiao yang , president of the supreme people 's court , and the central political and legal affairs committee , the supreme people 's court , the people 's daily news agency , the xinhua news agency , cctv , the central people 's radio , 社 relevant leading comrades of the legal system ribao , attended the forum .
the future of taiwan only one is to move toward reunification with the mainland of the motherland , and never to split .
shi guangsheng expressed his thanks for this .
wu bangguo said : the beijing international highway 接力赛 holding have made contributions for deepening the friendly exchanges and sports exchange of sino - japanese friendship of the people , developing countries in the world . over the past 15 years
the white paper also pointed out : the practice of " one country , two systems " in taiwan , it is more relaxed than hong kong and macao .
in march 1997 went to the point by the people , based on the original purpose of 强身 becoming healthy wang shaohong .
the face of the strategic readjustment of the structure of agriculture and the rural economy , it is necessary to change the existing ideological concepts as soon as possible , the quality of leadership methods , and cadres and the masses , and structural adjustments does not meet the situation to a change in working methodology from the way of thinking .
wang yi and le cong phung also held annual consultations of foreign affairs , and exchanged views on international and regional issues of mutual concern .
this decision , although the road of reunification of the country 总会 difficulties and obstacles and , but make any attempt to separate taiwan from china are doomed to failure .
we believe and hope that the choice of peaceful reunification between the two sides of the taiwan compatriots , will be able to see through the lies , and 辨明 真伪 , and make a wise choice .
the separation is a major themes of the reform of state - owned enterprises .
on 24 february , li peng made a speech at the meeting of the leading cadres zhangjiagang city " three stresses " education .
members of the motions 1,756 , 795% . percent of the total number of committee members
after listening to the reports , general secretary jiang zemin , general secretary of the rapid development of the company satisfied with the 点头 .
the work of strengthening and improving education , not only school education departments , and families and society in various areas should be concerned about and support .
a research report of international organization in the near future shows that , the international which ranks of the chinese academy of science and technology competitiveness has declined by a big margin , ranking moderately 偏下 , has aroused the people of insight attention .
the " speech , 好似 响雷 shocked china , to put forward the requirement of the education of party committees and government at all levels .
it is necessary to solve these problems , we must mobilize school , family , and the common efforts of the entire society , and can good results .
no one can correctly understand and resolve the issue of mankind , no one will be able to seize the opportunity , 争得 advantages , and advance ahead of the world ahead .
this has decided to regulations , the state council , drawing up the plan for national economic and social development - year plan , and the draft of the long - term plan , it should be held in the national people 's congress a month ago , and submitted five - year plan of the national people 's congress standing committee .
some western countries advocating another " human rights are above sovereignty " argument is , the value of the people higher than the country 's value .
how to resolve the taiwan issue , and accomplish the great cause of china 's reunification , and is a matter of its own of the chinese people , the us anti - china politicians will not underestimate the chinese people 's determination and capability to safeguard state sovereignty and territorial integrity .
robinson , his wife thanked china 's current human rights seminar , he also said that the meeting was very successful - - is conducive to strengthen exchanges and cooperation on the human rights issue between the asia - pacific countries .
the united states this position , is completely violated the international law and principles of the three sino - us joint communiques , but also have infringed upon china 's sovereignty and territorial integrity .
first of all , he reviewed the work of the cppcc in the past in the past year .
chaired by chairman li ruihuan , first of all the meeting examined and adopted the cppcc national committee of the ninth national committee of the third session of the agenda .
the state council leaders of the leaders and commissions will listen to the views of the deputies and committee members , so as to improve the administrative efficiency and quality .
along with the development of the reform and opening up , and socialist modernization , the people 's congress system will be more and more and more and more important role to play .
further speeding up infrastructure construction , and earnestly strengthen the building of the ecological environment , and actively adjust the industrial structure , vigorous development of science and technology , and education , constantly increase the intensity of reform and opening up .
丁佩玲 put forward by the deputies to improving school education and reducing the burden on students three - point proposal : effectively change their concepts , and foster a correct education ; strengthen research on education , reform the teaching ; strengthening the building of the contingent of teachers and strive to raise the quality of teachers .
the west - east gas , and lanzhou to oil chengdu , the burden is heavy and the beijing - 高速铁路 , guangxi 龙滩 hydropower stations , and the asia - pacific 海缆 , and other projects , it is necessary to speed up the progress of the preparatory work .
it is necessary to inspect the implementation of the party 's line , principles , and policies and resolution , exposing and the investigation and handling of serious violation of discipline political behavior in a timely manner .
zeng peiyan said : through the china electric power supply in five - year plan , the construction of power , the tense situation eased somewhat .
in addition , and expenditure 国防费 increased or 12.7 percent .
xu shanlin said , we are not 轻率 put forth this bill , in addition to be successful experiences of foreign countries , china has now has a good environment of legislation .
in today 's world , scientific development , with each passing day ; ideological and cultural exchanges , 激荡 each other .
this 涉及到 the vital interests of many workers and staff members , all localities must conscientiously implement the relevant state policies and regulations , and must properly resettle the workers and staff members funds needed should be promptly put in place .
should be guided by the market with efficiency as the center , leading to cultivate and develop industries , formed in beijing 's suburbs economic advantage .
begin his speech at the views of the delegates said that according to the 马力 of the hong kong npc deputies , president jiang zemin .
due to the tariff system in our country , ③ do not have also improved the name of therefore , high tariffs on china 's domestic economy is limited role in protecting china 's actual tariffs , in 1998 only 7.9% .
opposing corruption and also must start from strengthen strict management .
people in various aspects of the hong kong should safeguard the authority of the chief executive and rally around the chief executive , guarantee for the administration of the special administrative region in line with the basic law .
for example , the export operations , and intensify the labor - intensive products at home will provide a large number of job opportunities .
the scale of production or technological quality , whether it is the management and operation or the level of their products , and entrepreneurs of the quality of workers , there are very great gap with the advanced international level .
many deputies and committee members pointed out that , jiang zemin and other central committee political bureau standing committee of the grassroots level , and take the lead in mobilization at the county level of carrying out " three stresses " education , it is encouraging .
李浩 , anhui , said : this year 's " two high " report on the outstanding guilty not go unpunished , and judgments made by unfair , 超期 detention , and other issues , and announced on file for investigation 贪赃枉法 suspected crimes by judicial personnel of the masses resent the most .
a distance of 鬯 , some 褚獠验 shows that , the hong kong people support of the national people 's congress standing committee , explained the basic law .
today , at the turn of the cppcc national committee held the third session of the ninth NULL .
all countries envoys to china on invitation NULL conclusion of the meeting .
the combination of 1000年 , china on 北宋 period , in the level of productive forces , and other thinking of science and technology , culture , and many other aspects have lead in the world .
in terms of military capability , the us military has fully in modern technology and information industry has become a large - scale military use of information technology .
the poor the state council office of the last year for organized a training class at the county level cadres and seven a large - scale concentrated training for the 592 the state 's key to support the poverty - stricken counties more than 1,400 cadres at the county level .
in particular , china 's wto entry will come soon , contact with the outside world in the future , china 's economic and social will be more closely has become even more complicated , and this has set new requirements and tests . the government 's management ability to
" shu shengyou 王明善 , and li yanling , and 刘炎玲 deputies gave a speech at the meeting .
by that time , the international community will how to protect china 's sovereignty and territorial integrity , the chinese government will resort in whatever means to safeguard its sovereignty and territorial integrity ?
however , a number of isolationism those who want to 关上 to open the door to china at present , to choose 's congress is the choice of isolation or joint ?
the strategic readjustment of the economic structure should be accelerated , enhance the overall quality of the national economy .
continue to implement a positive fiscal policy , promote investment demand , relatively rapid growth rate to encourage and guide consumption .
at the arats held a news conference this morning , tang shubei answering a reporter 's question that is not get reunification or 晚点 reunification issue , the two sides of the strait at present , but the end , taiwan will move toward the issue of " taiwan independence " .
it is necessary to focus on the overall situation , guard against the one - sided , are linked to the masses , and 力戒 官僚 and seeking truth from innovation , 力戒 dogmatic , respect the law and guard against blindly truth and 实干 and guard against 空谈 .
the responsible persons of said that the " law of the people 's bank of china , the level of implementing the past five years , the central bank of china according to law formulation and implementation of the monetary policy and sense , financial supervision and control capability to further strengthened .
in addition , the two sides to " peace " the word understanding , some differences , and threaten you because you cannot imagine that a person said : you reunification , i it is necessary to you , and said that this is peaceful reunification .
this point , the leaders have said very clear , as a elements of the chinese people , i resolutely support chinese leaders this proposal .
china 's large people , the development of the productive forces are relatively backward , regional development is unbalanced , we should realize prosperity are in the same time to come .
under such a background countries and between countries in seeking cooperation , and a country 's internal more closely to split is obviously go against the historical trend .
this company was established in 1989年8月 , the first to receive the bad assets of financial institutions , and then adopt the means of investment banks through 折价 purchase and other means to sort out the these assets , assessment , classification and reorganization , auction sale and successfully resolved the problem of large - scale bad assets .
if there are any people , dare to split the country , and dare , in their foreign forces to engage in " taiwan independence , " in an attempt to from taiwan from china 's territory , it means war .
therefore , whether or not to recognize the one - china principle is that the touchstone for testing the negotiations side and whether sincerity , whether or not willing to the state 's peaceful reunification .
beijing , 21 mar - - the state - owned enterprises 监事会 暂行条例 the first time in order to improve the supervision mechanisms of state - owned enterprises , and strengthen the supervision of the state - owned enterprises , formulating the regulations .
president sassou to have the opportunity to meet with chairman li peng and his wife said he was very pleased .
" taiwan independence " forces 拥兵 自重 , no choice but to defense defense area and the goal of the main island of taiwan , and islands rather , but also many scattered defense rather complicated .
in the face of such a situation , we must not 等闲视之 .
at the meeting , vice minister of the central propaganda department in upholding the in - depth propaganda the " decision " made arrangements , zhang weiqing , minister of the state family planning commission will implement the spirit of the " decision , pay close attention to do a good job further set forth requirements of population and family planning work .
professor 谢渝生 the east china sea university , said in his speech , declaring that lee teng - hui claims of " democracy , " it should follow the practice of " democracy . "
he held that the taiwan people should support the one - china principle in handling cross - strait relations .
the pier set up in the category 装卸 garbage , oil , and other toxic and harmful in this life 饮用水 the conservation of water resources protection zones .
this is the nanjing military region to the two scene of a certain base 船运 unit of the shanghai stock exchange is the implementation of the training of new subjects .
in the economies of various countries will become closer and mutual trust , economic globalization is speeding up the development of the two sides , the more necessary to strengthen exchanges and cooperation , the two countries has become good friends , good neighbors and good partners .
according to the norms of international law , syria with the two countries will jointly enjoy tiberias lake of water resources .
with a lot of launching the use of cruise missiles , and 防区 precision guidance and ammunition to implement a long - distance air strike precision , " " non - contact the nature of the war is now become the main combat pattern of modern warfare .
according to statistics , in 1990 to 1998 , foreign countries to increase the export of high technology to china nearly 500% .
why do now in this way to do now did not directly face the 烁烁 游游 this move ?
the success of these enterprises behalf of the state - owned enterprises to market .
it is necessary to through the activities of cadres and the masses , guide the direction and convictions , cohesiveness , and combat effectiveness .
under the conditions of registering system , personal income of the lack of accounts in compact communities , it is difficult to statistics and taxation .
elmer fung also said that chen yunlin pointed out that the leaders of the cpc have always speech , have not said : according to the " one china " is that " the people 's republic . " he said , chen shui - bian 's inaugural speech , china and the three choices :
however , we also soberly realize that practice , there are still many problems .
also said : " mankind 's laws formulated in mechanical restrictions on the people , and closed people .
reading read li hongzhi 几首 歪诗 , its mind cannot be contained power to this end , it to inflate even all too clear .
the long - term development of china 's mineral resources , has established a heilongjiang , including the daqing , 鞍山 liaoning and fushun 攀枝花 , sichuan , and other more than 300 based on the mining industry in cities and towns .
hu jintao emphasized that the party and the government , china has always extremely treasure the traditional prc - dprk friendship , and will , as always , to consolidate and develop the unremitting efforts of the prc - dprk friendship and cooperation .
we highly appreciate .
the final in the negotiations , lamy reiterated the eu commitment - - support china 's accession to the WTO. as soon as possible
the actual situation into consideration because of various reasons for the part of the depositors should not to personally financial institutions in handling deposit , the real - name system of individual deposit accounts " acting savings system of regulations .
ideological and political work is our party 's fine tradition and political superiority .
within the kuomintang , he 权术 played tricks , squeeze out the long afterward , 顺我者昌 , 逆我者亡 .
he pointed out that new problems , it is necessary to meet the new situation and the emergence of social development and the revision of the law and formulating laws in the same an important position .
although the broad prospects of e - commerce , however , the development of e - commerce is a huge project , china 's relatively low degree of information technology , and other factors restricting the development of e - commerce it is more 艰巨性 and long - term and complicated .
has proven that to submit false documents or take other means of fraudulent fraud registered , once discovered , industrial and commercial administrative organs should immediately punishment , until 吊销 business license .
on the issue of " one china " principle , chief executive of the hong kong people support the stance .
lee teng - hui was in office for more than 10 years , basically is a process of practicing separatism and " taiwan independence " .
wu bangguo stressed : it is necessary to strictly according to law and promptly investigate and handle various kinds of the accident , comprehensively implement the responsibility system .
we believe that there will be more taiwan compatriots to invest in the mainland of the motherland , and to carry out economic exchanges and cooperation .
the thinking of the source , there is still a establish the NULL thinking , handling , and the issue of safeguarding good two overall situations .
as everyone knows , and there is only one china in the world and taiwan is an inalienable part of chinese territory .
the first political commissar of the participating in the training generally feel that after the adjustment of reform , the work standards of reserve units have high 担子 , the pressure of a is facing an urgent task of how to carry out new knowledge 补差 training .
focusing on the three enterprises and personnel , labor , distribution system reform , the purpose of enterprises ' internal reform is the formation of workers and staff members will advance , and management personnel 能上能下 , the income can be out of the can enhance be able to reduce mechanism .
taiwan compatriots are NULL 迁徙 from the mainland to taiwan , the use of words of the same language , taiwan compatriots in the mainland have blood relatives , and every year , quite a number of taiwan compatriots but also to fujian 拜 common ancestors memorial mazu , to 黄帝陵 拜 memorial the chinese nation .
in fact , the problem is not 简单 .
we hope that the together with the new side to promote the mutually beneficial cooperation between the two countries in the new century to constantly achieve new and greater development .
it is necessary to protect according to law ; it is necessary to resolutely crack down on the evil cult that causes disasters to the legitimate religious activities , and to ban in accordance with law .
the chinese government consistently adhere to the principle of peaceful reunification , and expressed to taiwan compatriots have the greatest sincerity and hope .
foreign minister david levy and the sharon welcome president jiang zemin 's state visit to israel and expressed the belief that this visit is bound to the development of relations between the two countries to a new driving force .
therefore , safeguarding human rights action can only beyond the state sovereignty in the world today , under the leadership and approval of the united nations or member states of the internal in regional and international organizations .
in fact , the colonialist mentality of extreme nationalism elements , ishihara , any tendency , 仇视 china , the people of the dprk and the rok the ugly nature , and have fully exposed in the face of the people of the world .
judging by the situation of three months use of foreign capital to see the momentum of utilization of foreign capital has a month in china .
the united states always under the pretext of human rights accusing the vast number of developing countries , china is one of the victims .
the impact of these interest groups to congress forced the government and congress for bargaining , to reflect the views of the interests of some groups , some public opinion and some media .
if the clinton administration put forward the issue of china 's human rights , the republican party will to this issue , in order to criticize the democratic party .
in addition , the number of cadres who have lost their principle , the lower levels of leadership 眼色 act , objectively speaking , 投其所好 will encourage the corrupt behavior .
during the visit , the state albright the united states have reached a surprising the point of shenzhen to interfere in other countries ' internal affairs .
we can the two countries to carry out cooperation in many fields , this kind of cooperation is of utmost importance to south africa 's development and progress .
he also explicitly adhere to the one - china principle , 给与 the chinese side valuable support on various occasions expressed thanks to the south african government .
although sino - south african diplomatic relations between time is not long , however , the development of bilateral relations since the establishment of diplomatic relations rapidly , and the potential for cooperation between the two sides are into concrete results of cooperation .
talking about the results of the vote , he said , although the us congress of the vote the number of votes it is estimated that he will be very close . he expressed the belief that the final result will be " through smoothly . "
cannot enjoy old - age , unemployment insurance enterprises , collective workers and staff members can also entered the residents ' minimum subsistence support line .
he said : the most , the 1.2 billion chinese people in china 's human rights situation in china has the right to speak .
he also answered questions raised by reporters . on the foreign ministers of the dprk 's visit to china , and the situation on the korean peninsula
the arats your view on personnel arrangements of the new taiwan " cabinet " ?
the study and enthusiasm , young officers and soldiers in from cities to the border areas , 座 the barracks from the academies and schools to the company , and the republic of unprecedented louder , and study and to create talent activities in the ascendant .
the quality of the officers and men gap with the historical reasons , social reasons , the root cause but also because we did not really established in the minds of some leaders in keeping with the military struggle preparation for ideas and concepts .
in particular , it should be pointed out that , in their best to expand its military strength at the same time , the japanese militarist forces also have become increasingly arrogant .
actively support and development of electronic technology industries , technology and biological and pharmaceutical industry , and new materials industry , and maritime technology industries , and environmental protection technology industry , and other high - tech industries .
we should give play to the role of the association and the chamber of commerce .
reform means , intensify teaching methods .
various localities in launching this drive , we must integrate creating " drug - free communities " activities , further carry out in - depth anti - drug propaganda and education work .
these views are a guiding significance . the party history research and even all the history of scientific research ,
the unchecked spread of pirated publications , and seriously dampen scientists , artists , and the innovation of the authors and all kinds of copyright enthusiasm in terms of overall quality of the nation and raise and progress .
therefore , it is out of chen shui - bian a few areas personal belief and the political operation within the island of taiwan , and some media 's attitude and policy of the united states and other reasons .
the party 's advanced nature determines our military 's advanced nature .
ishihara has all along advocated to split china , uttering frenzied china should be split into six countries .
this satellite station formally put into operation , it is expected that in july next year .
zhang qiyue pointed out that the chinese side has always maintained that the principles of peaceful coexistence is the most guiding the development of relations between the two countries 基本原则 .
therefore , at present , great efforts should be made to the promotion of leading cadres ideological and political work .
some other comrades believe that in wartime joint logistics to go before . of the pre - war period ,
the experts and scholars stressed that peace is the fundamental interests of the people on both sides , but NULL peace must be chinese reunification .
on the contrary , is narrow in an isolated island , 偏安 bureau of view , 终非 the last long .
the focus of grain production and structural readjustment is the adjustment of agricultural structure .
should have to 屠宰税 养猪 collection , the number of townships and towns collection , peasants in accordance with the people angrily said : " tax 猪头 " has become a " 人头税 . "
ninth , improve the quality of educational exchanges in the 21 st century , intellectual , and talent is the largest resources are the key factors in the development of the country .
along with the development of the social and economic development and the improvement of the living standards of the people , insurance industry status quo not far from meeting the diversified demands of insurance .
sovereignty is a fundamental prerequisite for the realization of human rights , and abide by the principles of equality of sovereignty and noninterference in internal affairs , and is an important cornerstone ensure the healthy development of the cause of international human rights .
there is no way out for retrogression .
reporter 求教 a political commentator , the critics said : " once clearly understand its essence , large - scale not necessary and 一般见识 . "
the police high - level 通令 policeman also stepping up efforts to patrol all as targets by the terrorist organizations , in addition to every two patrol a time , it is necessary to the scene of the situation report to the higher authorities .
therefore , it is necessary to attach importance to and give full play to the non - government , annan has proposed the " non - governmental society " with the united nations to link the role of international organization in handling international affairs , stressed : the role of the people and non - government organizations , and other non - national organization .
this is why ? fairly familiar with the taiwan compatriots said : it is impossible to really use force .
looking back at the past 20 - odd years , cross - strait relations is achieved very large - scale development , and this shows that we are under the concept of china , under the premise of the one - china in many fields relatively 易於 the same , communication , but also demand and promote by the people , and have embarked on the road .
for a long time , taiwan 's trade exports mainly concentrated in the united states , the us trade surplus long remained high therefore , the united states continually using forced by a big margin , the new appreciation to the pressure of taiwan , " the " 301 .
leading cadres 带头 practice the " three represents " important thinking , the most important is the firm ideals and convictions , construction with chinese characteristics common ideal of socialism and realize the goal of communism 远大 , as belief of life unchanged and pursue .
the results show , tung chee - hwa 's popularity by 五十九点一 march , those who are eager 跌至 五十二点九 , the first quarter was as high as an unprecedented 六点二 for his 最低 . since he assumed office
if deviated from the 大节 , but only resolve some minor NULL to expand the space for survival . as a result is just like before 南辕北辙 , the opposite .
the chinese people 's bank of china president dai xianglong , liu mingkang , chairman of the china securities regulatory commission 马永伟 of china 's report on the chairman has made the theme of the speech .
however , since after the deployment of 29 ministries and commissions of the state and 22 provinces and municipalities would provide counterpart support of the three gorges reservoir area in 1992 , the central authorities every year , the reservoir region have to provide a huge amount of funds to support the inflow .
this is the natural world , and 人世间 the general laws .
the focus of animal and plant quarantine differences in particular , in the non - barriers , and give rise to trade disputes in the past .
these erroneous trends , and non - proletarian thoughts and influence cannot 小看 .
as long as 各方面 continue to conscientiously implement the central policy decisions and arrangements , the national economy will be able to maintain a good momentum of development .
this is a red army regiment .
the harbin industrial university , founded 一九二零年 , zhang xueliang larry the university .
along with economic development , and improve the living standards of the people , the demand for using - - will also constantly increased .
the two sides are satisfied with the nearly a period of the two countries cooperation in various fields , and said that he will promote the two countries ' strategic cooperative partnership in the new century .
in addition , she said that china to of sri lanka minister of industry are shocking . answering a reporter 's relevant question
strategic policy for the implementation of the central military commission of science and technology strengthening the army with science and technology and education and training , enhance the naval air force long - range combat capability , 海航 party committee decided to implement in a certain organizations in - flight refueling training .
the province will the organization of a number of key and backbone projects of the people 's air defense , double the total number of civil air defense engineering .
it is necessary to earnestly strengthen the existing water resources management , highlight key points and rationally control , and science of water .
in order to control in the spirit of the " falungong " practitioners , li hongzhi 顾惜 their health and life was not fully shows that the evil nature of " falungong " not a healthy , and disregard life .
he reiterated that the fry assembly adhere to the one - china principle and spoke highly of the chinese government 's principled stand on resolving the taiwan issue , and policies .
although the taiwan strait has not yet been cross - strait reunification , but china 's territory and sovereignty has not been separated , it is still one china .
li peng briefly introduced the relations of building socialism with chinese characteristics an important experience , and stressed that china 's reform and opening up , and economic construction , it is necessary to correctly handle reform , development , and stability .
they 好儿女 the chinese people , and is the pride of the chinese media , we should turn grief into strength to make a good job in their own of the motherland . "
with the us - led nato years ago mobilize the kosovo war , today , we again review and some will be even more profound enlightenment .
the anti - missile defense plan of the western allies of the united states for the united states without first expressed his support , on the contrary , in public speech or consultations under the meeting , they have to the united states development and deployment of this system expressed serious concern .
ladies and gentlemen : following the arrival of the new century , our country will enter the building of a well - off society and striving to basically achieve modernization new stage of development .
according to reports , kim chong - il said , the current summit " created a very good precedent .
however , the technological progress have yet to become the main driving force of increase in productivity .
syria 's economic foundation , 薄弱 natural resources in shortage .
after arriving in northern shaanxi , he resolutely support comrade mao zedong 's correct leadership and consciously safeguard the cpc central committee 's authority , and an example in carrying out the party 's decision in various fields , the cpc central committee , and on the one hand red army main force of the long march to strengthen internal unity of the red army has done a great deal of work .
in late may , the book of lee teng - hui 's " proposal " taiwan 's publishing , preached the " two - state theory . "
are the kunlun mountains , 阿尔泰山 is an important source of water .
尔后 science and technology , modern and contemporary by countless facts have proven that the irrefutable truth .
this is a not very easy for judging the end should be prepared to go about ?
wen jiabao pointed out that flood has always been the serious 大患 impact on china 's economic and social development and the people 's livelihood , drought for agricultural production is particularly prominent .
editor 's note : great importance to ideological and political construction is unique advantage of our party and military .
the development of sino - slovak relations is one of the key points of the slovak foreign policy .
we affirmed and expressed appreciation .
the relationship between corrupt elements within the although accounted for only a very small number of , however , they have seriously tarnished the image of the party and the government in the course of the masses , and the impact of the party and the government and the masses , undermine the overall situation of reform , development , and stability .
a few days ago , the state administration of industry and commerce all - round plans for the centralized and unified action , severely crack down on pyramid marketing and covert pyramid scheme activities nationwide .
with the 58 偷渡 惨死 case , britain for example , because legal loopholes - scale smuggling to enter the situation of the british more and more serious .
林默 木排 sea - crossing refugees to settle down in penghu 谋生 .
for instance , an enterprise is to engage in export of products , or engage in export of capital , the key is a choice will be determined to the interests of the enterprises themselves , if enterprises in the domestic operation , 那麽它 not necessarily 非要 " going out , " and " going out " is a choice of interests , and not to " go out " and " going out . "
experts believe that china needs to be the anti - monopoly law , and is 大多数人 , including the consensus of the government .
at the same time , china is against any official figures countries and regions with the invitation of any name and met with the dalai lama , so as to provide for them .
it has been learned , this exercise is a part of china and the united states will be held in the pacific region this year a series of military exercise .
military education , and both are many NULL generate resonance . "
kostov expressed a warm welcome to the visit to bulgaria NULL .
development is the last word , china 's key to resolving all problems lies in rely on its own development .
during the cold war , the world structure formed the east and the two camps .
his current visit to north and if we be able to become exchanges and cooperation between the north and the south of the korean peninsula peace , and realizing the reunification of the motherland on the first , he felt very gratifying .
although the end of the cold war , the overall situation of the world toward relaxation , but the regional wars and regional conflicts and continually upgrading .
the deployment of up to the end and selling is what medicine ?
the " opinions " pointed out that the development and construction of the armed forces , took part in and support of the western region is a long - term strategic task .
from the whole party 's history shows that some experience in this way the following should be great importance to the : a political party of the nature of the party , first of all it is necessary to see the guidelines and its members .
fulfill these tasks are inseparable from a scientific development and progress .
the money diplomacy " of the " are the imported is not solid .
it was shocked the short period of three months , the death of more than 30 江门 explosion it was 痛惜 .
at the same time , china , kyrgyzstan , and tajikistan heads of state will sign a three - nation border the boundary between point agreement .
the economic cooperation between tajikistan and china have great potential .
, do a good job of town construction of small cities and towns is a product of economic and social development is also conducive to economic and social development .
from the people , 植根于 the people of our party .
karimov said he often recalled his visit to china last year when meeting with president jiang zemin .
so long as they recognize one china , we all welcome .
of course , what did not horrible .
on the morning of 6 september , president jiang zemin presented a wreath to 卫国 war heroic monument , accompanied by president niyazov , and they visited 中立 departments .
this is a barbaric act by the us - led nato 罪证 exposed the nature of their hegemony in the face of the people of the whole world .
some leaders and members in recent years the six countries had visit in china , and the situation of them spoke highly of china 's political stability , economic development , national unity , and hopes to further expand exchanges and mutual visits in the future , and let more people understand china .
a new enhance the level of the situation of the budget management of various departments of the state council has turn for the better , public finances according to law .
it is necessary to comprehensively sort out the balance of payments situation for the budget units can formulate 定员 , and the funds for fixed standard , various departments to provide of drawing up the budget assessment budget execution , to lay a good foundation for the reform of the work of drawing up the budget .
we are rich in natural and human resources , we be able to build their country .
however , we must acknowledge , and the return of " one country , two systems " is the new things , and there is no precedent 可循 , one cannot 蹴 not followed a tortuous paths , that is , do not pay tuition fees " is impossible .
at present , the united states has completely international disarmament and arms control the progress made in the revision of the " anti - ballistic missile treaty , and dangerous . this will make the process of international disarmament and arms control irreversible , bent on the development and deployment of a missile defense system ,
to strengthen the building of the spiritual civilization in the new situation , must do a good job in community this important link . through in - depth of building civilized communities , and the building of the spiritual civilization in the course of all grass - roots organizations .
therefore , it is necessary to pay attention to strengthen the supervision of judges and procurators , set up internal restraint the effective mechanism for corruption . when the revision of
premier zhu and his entourage arrived here after successfully concluding an official visit to italy to begin formal visit to the belgian and the eu headquarters in here on the evening of 9 march .
the forum was presided over by zhu lilan , minister of the ministry of science and technology .
it is learned that the several arms manufacturers of the united states would share of arms business of $ 60 billion .
he stressed : the principal responsible persons of all localities and departments should personally personally deployment , and organize general inspection work in command , in charge of leadership should be responsible for examination results in charge of the region and trades .
as far as to the use of child labor , it is necessary to carry out severe punishment , and in particular , with the result that the children casualties among enterprises , units , and the number of individual , we must all the more severe punishment according to law .
however , explicitly will be extended to a " faithful representative of the " three " faithfully represents , " and " faithfully represents " put forward hua wen hua ] , this is also the first time in the history of party - building theory of marxism . first , not only in the course of our party 's historical document
the historical theme of this stage , is how from new democracy to socialism , and the building of what kind of solving two issues of socialism .
examining this period in history . will enable us to understand more of the " three represents " put forward by importance .
the strong desire to visit to countries and the european union 表示出 further expand the financial and economic and trade cooperation with china .
- - enhancing mutual understanding and expanding consensus .
on china 's economy to the business circles as well as answering a question in a burst into warm applause .
the development of sino - eu relations is one of the key points of china 's foreign policy .
xu kuangdi briefed the guests on shanghai 's economic and social development in the near future .
these good experiences have laid a solid foundation for the new realm , we open up the reform of the personnel system relating to cadres to open up a new situation , and achieve new breakthroughs .
at the same time , in the international community , the " falungong " in an attempt to 仰仗 western hostile forces in the pressure on the scheme also met with a heavy blow .
the quality of bilateral economic and trade cooperation has also gradually improved . the two countries have already started in such fields as energy , microelectronic , communication , 商品流通 some large cooperation projects .
when a small number of soccer fans made trouble , it is necessary to deal with and resolutely put a stop to rapidly . according to law
the end of the cold war , russia 只顾 the development of relations with the rok , with the result that the russia - dprk relations to the lowest level annual planned , to the deterioration of the russian economy , and aid to the dprk , russia 's influence continually declining .
beginning of april , a three - month in 2000 , the second anti - smuggling special action at present is in fujian .
the direct battlefield of the gulf war , iraq , kuwait region , however , the influence of the war has expanded the arab region as a whole , war suffered from all the people in the region .
russia attaches great importance to relations with china development high - standard and step up cooperation in various fields , it is believed that the two sides is entirely capable of promoting the economic and trade relations between the two countries have made greater development .
answering a relevant question , zhu bangzao made the above remarks .
time was initiative . " report rapidly and all military units at present , the position . "
at the end of june , the solely state - owned commercial banks 超额 the reserve funds for rate of seven ? 8 percent , and other commercial banks 超额 the reserve funds for rate of 19 ? 1 percent of all , the payment ability to maintain relatively high .
七月一日 , frank hsieh to the taiwan media openly stated that " taiwan 's territory and the mainland are the same country is still the basis of has not changed the xiamen and kaohsiung , " " should be belong to the same country relations . "
and the trip , 18 jul to 20 july .
if other countries is willing to provide rocket 推进器 to the dprk , the dprk and even is willing to fully take advantage of the foreign technology research of peace in the universe .
almost all his turn for the better , and is the result of medical treatment .
once again 六月二十七日 , frank hsieh to express it is necessary to visit xiamen wishes to the taiwan media .
tang jiaxuan said : china and india as the two largest developing countries in the world , we have not only share similar historical experiences , and both shoulder the common task of development of the economy and improving the people 's living standards .
however , when arrived at the underground gambling house of public security has long 人去楼空 .
骗子 说谎 cannot but , when swindlers 一本正经 弥天大谎 , kindhearted people always been confused .
after the past two years of efforts , and difficulty - relief work made important progress , more than half of the state - owned enterprises industries and difficulty - relief work has great vitality .
" it is necessary to the precipice ! "
the development of cross - strait relations under the one - china principle is the urgent wish of the entire chinese people , including taiwan compatriots , and is also an irreversible historical trend .
葛连成 cracking down on smuggling scored tremendous achievements , china has severely crack down on smuggling and policies of the party central committee and the state council .
the belarussian side thanked the chinese side 's consistent and valuable support on the taiwan and human rights issues .
marx pointed out : " the dominant ideology is but the dominant material relationships in the conceptual manifestation . "
the united states people to fight a war is a modern high - tech war , we need to have powerful economic strength as to ensure .
jiang zemin said : not long ago , the united states , palestine and israel of the three parties on the final status of palestine the camp david talks did not reach an agreement , and we are deeply regret . this
in february this year , russia and the dprk , the two sides in pyongyang formally signed the " dprk - russian treaty on friendly and good - neighborly cooperation , instead of in 1961 the signing of the sino - soviet - dprk treaty of friendship and cooperation , and mutual assistance in 1995 , will be abolished .
we highly rio group played a positive role in regional and international affairs .
the corrosion we must always use the " three represents " unify our thinking , enhance our understanding , and resolutely resist various erroneous ideological trends and unswervingly maintain the party 's absolute leadership over the armed forces will always be loyal to the party and the people , to the country and to socialism .
" a person , painting that will find it hard to NULL . "
the 20 th century in the 后半 , economic globalization with people unforeseeable and unprecedented speed promote the rapid economic exchanges of state - to - state and the dependence become more and more important .
economic globalization , including : and trade liberalization , integration of production and financial internationalization .
from their strategic analysis , the so - called " decisive battle offshore , " we want to take the battlefield to the west , the main island of taiwan to the dividing line of the taiwan strait , even to the mainland on the mainland .
the topic of " one china - state theory , " then again put forward in his inaugural speech , " after chen shui - bian 's election has proposed that is , " future one china is to recently appeared is the " spirit of ' 92 . "
renmin ribao internet edition financial , 文娱 , and healthy , viewpoints , and other channels .
he stressed : the one - china is the issue of principle , we will never make concessions .
not long ago , we have to the united states to carry out a one - week visit , there is a personal feelings .
in addition , some taiwan 's financial groups emergence of crisis and is also affected the confidence of investors .
chen shui - bian took office on 20 may openly declared , " not abolish guidelines for national unification council . "
a performance in the eve of the united nations millennium summit , the un general assembly hall in new york . the second is the first time the united states . the mainland performance of small and medium - sized cities with the national level of china 's literature and art groups to 圣路易斯 , the indian 纳波利斯 , and other
jiang zemin said : although china and samoa are far apart , social systems and level of development not entirely the same , and cultural traditions are worlds , however , with the developing countries in the asia - pacific region , and both shoulder the task of safeguarding national sovereignty and territorial integrity , developing the economy , and improving the living standards of the people .
he said : the current tax collection and management law has entrusted by means of law enforcement the tax organs .
in international and regional affairs , the two countries have had close cooperation .
the experience of during the inspection , we must pay attention to summing up all localities and departments to the implementation of the criminal procedural law , discover good .
in some localities , 享乐 , in order to small number of people not hesitate to start a war and occupied territory , and plunder others wealth of other countries and people during 生灵涂炭 , and bring endless sufferings to the people .
the second is the conspicuous problems conscientiously of bringing out for investigation affect social stability and public order , and timely and proper handling of the contradictions and disputes , and prevent the intensification of contradictions .
qian qichen expressed condolences to the compatriots of the dead and hit by a few days ago , typhoon attacks on taiwan personnel and property losses is very concerned about , and cordial regards .
the specific measures for the management of acting patent agencies by the state council regulations . "
prior to the visit , after right and wrong to an ; the visit is a heart in taiwan , NULL the reduction of more than 20 hours 甘愿 .
religious figures in view of the united states put forward some news reports said that had an arrest of the chinese christian , pastor cao shengjie , vice president of the christian council of china said that she know the report by the number of cases specific conditions , but point , we can certainly , no one will have been arrested . because of religious belief in china
the meeting examined and approved the barrier of the state council 於增发 of 50 billion yuan of long - term construction treasury bonds to increase investment in fixed assets and readjusting the central budget for 2000 .
in depth the leading members should closely with the masses , improve work style , and teaching , the forefront of scientific research , resolve 教职工 practical problems , bringing into play an important role in the course of reform and development of schools .
zhang quanjing said : comrade jiang zemin pointed out : the party committee secretaries , colleges and universities , president of the efforts should be made to become a socialist politicians , 教育家 .
these words 43万 小说 , published in 1997 , a total of very great impact . the issuance of tens of thousands of about a dozen or so ,
this is because the film close to the reality of life , directly social contradictions , molding 有血有肉 figures acute conflicts in the right and the duty , and the situation , and the law , and see to it that 艺术性 and ideological , shocking power and appeal , the organic unity .
in answering a question on the question of the chinese religious circles in the government 's crackdown on " falungong " falungong " what kind of attitude and master sheng hui 's said : " falungong " has caused more than 1,600 deaths , and drug harm to the people there is no different .
" network people 面世 worth 庆贺 " 23 august on the morning of renmin ribao director bai keming , the chief editor xu zhongtian , accompanied by 吴恒权 deputy chief editor and director of the internet center to the scene watched the " people 's network " number of congratulations to the " people 's network " public appearance for the first time .
on 4 january , the dprk with italian the establishment of diplomatic relations , thereby become a country , following the austria and sweden , denmark and finland , and portugal , and the sixth with the first relations between the dprk and the realization of the normalization of the eu countries , and is also the seven major western industrialized countries officially established diplomatic ties with the dprk . the italian
article : " is " deal with its history of aggression two great disparity beijing , 28 aug - - " is " news weekly " sponsored by the xinhua news agency in the 35 th , today published a signed 唐天日 article , entitled " two great disparity " toward history of aggression .
the meeting with deng xiaoping theory as the guide , comprehensively analyzed the trend of development of china 's aging population , sum up and exchange the experience of the old - age work , further clarified the 老龄 the principle of guiding ideology and principle and objective of the work of work , and make arrangements on doing a good job of old - age work .
luo gan stressed : continuously , all localities and relevant departments should conscientiously study and carry out the pattern of bringing out for investigation , mediating contradictions and disputes , and methods of local conditions , emphasis on practical results , sum up experience , and this work for a long time , effectively carry out .
the chinese government will continue to pursue the friendly policy to japan .
according to reflect the villagers , 周银荃 witnessed " 大字报 " conflicts , in an effort to NULL village cadres , because of the housing construction , and other issues , and village party branch secretaries , director of the village 治保 , such as village cadres and public security departments arrested .
he visited china on numerous occasions , for a long time has always been positive efforts to promote sino - icelandic nongovernmental friendly contacts between the two countries , and in particular , exchanges and cooperation in the cultural field .
this is precisely the vast number of developing countries are worried that the issue of one china .
he personally visited the two ordinary family and see that the happiness of their life , and a happy and peaceful , but also enjoy the government to provide social security , this left a deep impression to him .
he held that the socialist countries need to make great efforts to develop productive forces , but only peaceful coexistence with other countries , we will be able to achieve this goal .
foreign minister jovanovic visited cuba during august , the business circles of the two sides , he also signed bilateral protection and cuban ministers of foreign capital and economic cooperation and promote investment agreement , the development of bilateral trade exchanges .
the pace of reunification , a vain attempt to energetically to expand its " international living space , " obstructing china 's national separatist elements 呐喊助威 , so that china will always be in a state of splitting administration .
therefore , up to 2015 , three stages 共需 more than $ 60 billion .
jiang chunyun stressed that comrade jiang zemin has pointed out : " without a solid foundation , 地动山摇 , " shows that the extreme importance of doing a good job of basic work at the grassroots level .
at present , china 's foreign trade in the 9 th in the world , economic size ranked seventh in the world .
family pointed out in his speech at the seminar at the opening ceremony of the chinese nation is a common ancestors and cultural traditions in the big family of our blood , 情同手足 .
the international community to the dprk 's response immediately expressed their extensive understanding the normal operation of the united states has attracted criticism .
the court sentenced to the defendants wang jin 贪污罪 life imprisonment , deprived of political rights for life , and confiscated in property of the renminbi 200,000 yuan ; sentenced to fixed - term imprisonment the defendant 刘西荣 15 years , with 贪污罪 and confiscated at 100,000 yuan in property of the renminbi .
the practice of reform and opening up so that people from the tremendous changes in the society , and felt that in the course of economic development and the improvement of livelihood , has felt that socialism will give themselves NULL interests and benefits , 社会主义制度 superiority .
military academies and universities training qualified personnel , to the future and develop the relations of our army 's major , in the study and practice the important thinking of the " three represents , " we must have a higher standards and requirements .
swedish foreign minister anna lindh noted 安娜 . reiterated that the eu will continue to adhere to the one - china policy .
the dprk hope that the communist party of china and the chinese people according to its own national conditions , and will to china 's affairs NULL better .
tang jiaxuan said : this consensus on our work has an important guiding significance , and should conscientiously implemented .
chairman li peng cherish an old friend again be able to make many new friends , we feel happy .
until today , they still full of prejudice and distorting the press reports on china even slander .
without a stable social environment , the development of xinjiang will find it difficult to implementation .
beijing 军代局 the establishment of a regional cooperation , out of a military products developed , and the road of a benign cycle .
if the taiwan strait war broke out , the ocean shipping by the blockade and support the development of the economy serious setbacks for the foreign trade will certainly , many industrial production departments will 停产 down , the overall economy will be facing tremendous impacts .
the examination and approval process of the entire proposal 减刑 decisions on mitigating prison in china and openly state .
their aim is to delay and block the passage of the bill , which will undermine sino - us relations .
since the township and town enterprises to absorb employment is relatively cities and towns re - employment pressure increased and other reasons , agricultural labor 困难重重 to transfer of non - agricultural industries , and employment pressure in the rural areas continued to increase .
this is the reason why some western missionaries with the imperialist aggression linked with the opium firms in view of the chinese people .
provided a scientific basis for strengthening the ideological and political education in the new situation , these important expositions , president jiang pointed out the correct direction .
this period , the study class was jointly sponsored by the central organization department and the national defense commission .
guo dongpo , director of the office of the state council , wang mengkui , minister of foreign trade and economic cooperation shi guangsheng , the state council development research center , director of the were present at the meeting .
second , the us aircraft carriers - launched cruise missiles in china 's coastal areas are unable to achieve marked results in this regard .
the scale of fixed telecommunication network and mobile communications network , respectively , ranking second in the world and third .
although the NULL in the order of the east and west have one after another , however , the two occupied in russian foreign policy position almost the same important .
陈明端 requirements , all units are required to popularize advanced experiences of units practice through this meeting , their respective realities of the popularization of the provincial military districts force to strengthen the building of grass - roots party branches and to promote work in various fields .
this shows that our country 's foreign trade has been gradually move out of the shadow of the asian financial crisis , the track of new high - speed growth .
to meet the needs of combat readiness people 's air defense system question : the civil air defense is a complicated systems engineering , through many work , it is not merely a number of " air - raid shelters , " but should form a air defense system , and the northeast people 's air defense system is how to establish and develop ?
the national civil air defense sirens coverage rate and 鸣响 of key cities of 100 percent , telecommunications , civil air defense sirens the building of the military region has gradually embarked on a means of more and more network supporting the path of development .
the standing committee of the provincial party committee and director of the provincial public security department 俞国行 the self - examination report of the provincial public security department of law enforcement work since 1998 .
by the end of this year , several dozen on the goal of urban and rural people 's living standards in the " ninth five - year " plan can be achieved .
it is necessary to strengthen the building of the contingent of political and business development , and work style building .
especially principal responsible comrades of the party and government leading cadres , must conscientiously learn a lesson from the cheng kejie case , adhere to democratic centralism and carry out the highly of 批评与自我批评 to raise the political to deal with .
strictly enforce discipline and punishing corruption , we must effectively carry out the following points : first , it is necessary to resolutely .
participants also expressed the hope that the vatican will change the erroneous china policy , and should not set new obstacles for the improvement of the china - vatican relations .
wang yingfan pointed out that , the developed countries should further make comprehensive official development aid to meet 百分之零点七 percent of their gnp goal , effectively solve the foreign debt problems of the developing countries . as soon as possible to the developing countries open market ,
the olympic games chinese athletes to honor of the motherland 's fighting , the motherland for such outstanding sons and daughters proud of it .
this joint 一气 , can we have a tremendous strength , ensure " strictly manage officials " managing results .
to the government still have confidence in the future to speak of .
of course , an irresistible law that the mainland factors can also considering from another angle .
many local residents also believe that the " falungong " exercises 行善 is to deceive , an political struggle of some people at the tool of this organization .
this means that beginning from the brain " first get rich . "
he stressed that the current forum was no precedent a major event in the history of sino - african relations , it is of important significance to promoting sino - african relations in the new century development .
the sino - japanese economic and trade cooperation geared to the 21 st century have good prospects for development .
algeria 's independence and the building of china 's sincere help .
li peng said : china and togo 's geographical are far apart , very close . but the feelings of the
mao zedong , zhou enlai and deng xiaoping repeatedly stressed that the responsibility of war is not a small number of criminals of militarism in the japanese people , the japanese people were also victims .
at the end of 1998 , the ambassador said , including has signed 33 cooperation projects between president jiang zemin 's visit to japan , china and japan . these projects in the political , economic , trade , science and technology , culture and education , the issue of globalization and regional issues , such as extremely broad fields .
the formation of warships 浩荡 forward .
he pointed out : at present , the northern region , the cpc central committee and the state council on this serious water shortage is very concerned about .
we advocate of life with the principle of " peaceful reunification and one country , two systems , " do not realize reunification , it is necessary to change the current system and the people of taiwan .
did not come easily , these achievements are inseparable from the teachers , students , and the university , the people of several generations of arduous struggle and 劳作 hard .
he said : china has a long history and a splendid culture .
the " two red army " deputy legqog , tanks " shock brigade " pass through amid the smoke of gunpowder , to rely on the implementation of the enemy 钳形 a pincer attack solid base to stubbornly resist , in which the enemy 's suddenly 行进 firing of the over 2,000 meters and a 炸响 过后 , the " enemy " 地堡 灰飞烟灭 .
the people 's living standards in our country on the whole , reached the level of moderate prosperity , and this is an amazing .
third is rich in content , and diverse .
he said that china hopes to these countries will be able to proceeding from safeguarding overall situation of bilateral friendly and cooperative relations with china , and fully understand the sensitivity of the seriousness and harmfulness of lee teng - hui visit , effectively perform the " one china " commitment .
since the beginning of last year , the korean peninsula situation and its surrounding regions will continue to change , increase conducive to the factor of adjustment of the relations between china and the relevant countries .
at the end of last year , at that time , vice president of taiwan lien chan also said that taiwan should develop medium and long - range missiles .
according to the plan , the new exhibition hall in the area of 300,000 square meters of land , 建筑面积 200,000 square meters , 二零零三年 首期 project to input into use .
next year the opening of mini three links , our side vessels can be certain conditions to the other side .
in the future high - tech war and confrontation no longer be a combat system and a number of weapons and equipment , but the system and the system , the system and the system of confrontation .
because of historical period , duplicate construction , industrial structure 不合理 , and other issues are in the large - scale adjustment of the industrial structure in china , and a number of mines exhausted of resources , so that the issue of laid - off workers and staff members become more acute .
without a stable political and social environment , everything will be impossible , no matter how good plan and program will .
all these have increased the urgency of relations with the dprk relaxation . the united states
at present , an eye on the future , clear the way to forge ahead , and will make overall plans and give different guidance , do a solid promote the large - scale development .
the other projects of the ocean satellite ground receiving system building .
the fundamental interests of the continue to strengthen and develop the dprk and friendship between the people of the two countries , and is of important significance for safeguarding peace and security in the asia and the world .
beijing , 10月26日 ( 王彦田 NULL ) - - the state council held today and telephone conference , in view of the current production and sales of counterfeit and inferior commodities law - breaking and criminal activities and rampant , and the deployment of conduct in - depth joint crackdown on fake and actions .
they said : the changes in china has not only aroused great interest in them , but they are a fighting , because of china 's economic development is an important contributions to the development of the world economy .
only constantly carry out reform , judicial practice problems can be resolved , the judicial system with chinese characteristics can have been established .
he said : since the past half a century , and although in the world has undergone changes , 但中芬 relations have always maintain the smooth and stable development .
hu jintao fully affirmed the important role strait exchange activities cross - strait women in order to promote cross - strait economic and cultural cooperation and mutual understanding and consensus between the people on both sides .
a congratulatory message to the meeting , wu yi said : this session is of great significance in promoting the development of china 's modern leaps and bounds and e - commerce administration departments of the chinese and the united nations development program cooperation .
lien chan 's fact , chen shui - bian proposed the 1992 consensus " refers to his subordinates i told me , no matter NULL .
wei jianxing also gave a positive assessment on sino - mongolian parliamentary exchanges and cooperation between the two countries , and it is hoped that the two sides to carry out more fruitful exchanges , to continue efforts to promote the development of bilateral relations .
amendment to the provisions to encourage and guide : " the state of returned overseas chinese and overseas chinese dependants according to law investment in making industries , in particular , to set up high - tech enterprises , the people 's governments at all levels should support their legitimate rights and interests of the law protects . "
chairman li peng 's visit to russia , pointed out : economic complementarity , china and russia strong , and the potential is tremendous , we should earnestly through the material foundation for economic and trade cooperation partnership of strategic cooperation .
this kind of " 临门 a " at all , 於促 成连 chen shui - bian they have also 抱希望 results .
in addition , industrial circles to a considerable influence of the republican party , also 亟盼 the new government can to maintain friendly relations , so as to promote bilateral trade and investment activities ; this case , bush jr. to the chinese communists will inevitably it is necessary to 谨言慎行 , so as to avoid 激怒 business circles supporters with the chinese communists regime .
the overall development of the world needs of various countries to strengthen mutual dialogue and contact , mutual understanding and enhancing mutual understanding .
the development of science and technology involves not only natural science and engineering technology , including the fields of social sciences .
the speech has ended , many the less satisfactory 未尽 , is still 回味 li ruihuan 's incisive exposition . his speech , relevant unity , stability , and development and prosperity of the "
林和立 feel that the so - called diversification is only a pretext , do not hope to stay in 报馆 time in office of politics , therefore , the resignation .
gu jinchi , vice chairman of the npc internal and judicial affairs committee , expressed the hope that the represents in light of the actual situation , and further implement well the organic law of villagers committees of the local law enforcement .
he said , sino - finnish diplomatic relations over the past 50 years , relations between the two countries continuous development .
after declared the end of the cold war , the global because of the disintegration of the soviet union and drastic changes in eastern europe , the cold war pattern of asia has not disappeared accordingly .
china and laos long - term good - neighborly , friendly , and in keeping with the fundamental interests of the people of our two countries .
immigration , it is necessary to adopt - style development of the resettlement way , it is necessary to pay attention to the long - term plan for the building of development in the future .
chi haotian first conveyed chairman li peng 's sincere regards and good wishes to 布马扎 , and asked 布马扎 to convey president jiang zemin 's cordial regards and good wishes to algerian president bouteflika .
夜间 on the same day , bush gave a television speech has refused to the proposal of gore .
qiu xiaohua the first three quarters of consumption growth of 百分之九点九 , and also to achieve for many raise wages for retired , as well as urban support lines standards to extend festivals and holidays and the government , and push forward the reform of the housing concerned .
the chinese side is willing to , as always , and brunei maintained good coordination and cooperation .
一九二二年 issued the following the declaration " said , " china is a country of reunification , this point has firmly india in our country 's sense of historical , it was precisely this kind of awareness so that we can as a country which was down . "
it is necessary to to the advent of the new century will face challenges from realizing the requirements of the " three represents " and do a good job of ideological , political , and organizational preparations for the high plane of strategy , fully understand do a good job in colleges and universities the work of the importance of the " three stresses " education , and actively do a good job in every stage , and continually enhance the ideological understanding , and effectively guard against and overcome 厌烦 松劲 .
financial - assets management companies to deal with assets management measures formulated by the ministry of finance .
kuwait is the oil production country , and china is willing to make explorations in oil fields with scientific the establishment of a long - term friendly relations of cooperation , further expand bilateral cooperation in the fields of trade , oil , and broaden the new ways of cooperation .
second , strengthen the building of water conservation facilities , and water - saving techniques popularized .
the region suffered to see it is necessary to organize the masses to pay close attention to repair the water project destroyed , in addition to reinforce the work of dangerous 整修 淹 farmland , and do a good job of reinforcing reservoirs disease .
the department of the so - called " three understandings " supra - party group said :
first , they will not achieved its allies , in favor of the second economic relations between china and the united states and other relations have developed to such a degree , do so is also detrimental to the united states .
she pointed out that , deputy prime minister aziz expressed the hope that china will continue to play an important role for a just and reasonable resolve the iraq issue .
the arats NULL would verbally expressing the sef 's plan in the letter , as the accept the contents of the consensus of the two sides each other .
the whole party should conscientiously sum up and deepening understanding of the law over economic work , under the conditions of developing the socialist market economy and opening wider to the outside world , and constantly enhance leadership of economic work and the ability to control the overall economy .
tang jiaxuan also conveyed president jiang zemin 's invitation to vojislav kostunica for his convenience in the next year 's formal visit to china .
the professional managers of an inherent driving force for the inferior enterprises to withdraw from the market as the conscious action of safeguarding the interests of the company of capital and realize their own various contract responsibility .
first , it is necessary to focus on improving the quality of the vast numbers of rural grass - roots cadres .
at present , what should be done ? 身后 留什 in the future ? , " and study harvest expression to the work of rectification and reform .
after hearing the interest in the large - scale .
helped peasants resolve practical difficulties in production and operations , and do a good job of a household 干不了 , 干不好 , so as to create conditions for peasants to develop the economy .
he said : china and armenia the two countries in international organizations , supported each other and cooperate with each other and maintained good relations of cooperation .
jiang zemin stressed : in the new century , and only by adhering to the development of the most extensive patriotic united front , our party led the unity of all the realization of the common efforts of the sons and daughters of the chinese nation 's great rejuvenation of the more successful .
in the course of clothing , food , housing , transportation , and culture and entertainment consumption expenditure , food , clothing expenditure is a 平缓 growth , and transportation , telecommunications , and living , culture and entertainment consumption , and rapid growth , gradually becoming residents ' consumption hot spots .
on the afternoon of 6 september 亚特兰大 in the federal the 11 th circuit court of appeal has rejected the appeal of the republican party has proposed that should not recognize the manual vote count in florida .
today , the chinese people , including the rights and freedoms of the chinese authors , enjoy all kinds of legal guarantee , including the freedom of speech freedom and freedom of creative works .
he said : the forecast of this year , the total import and export will reach $ 四千五百亿 , and it is estimated that growth rate of 25 percent .
the informed source in beijing revealed that , beijing recently convened the central military commission an enlarged meeting , the meeting closed yesterday .
a profound lessons of the asian financial crisis , bring people is , the more small bank of china , the more difficult to resist 狂风恶浪 .
the first anniversary of the reversion of macao , the central government firmly implement the " country , two systems " policy , support the macao sar government in governing according to law .
actively explore various experimental districts , has summed up many good experiences .
during the 10 th five - year china will launch more than 30 satellites , including communication satellites , navigation satellites , to satellites , resource remote sensing satellites and space exploration satellites , and other 15 .
7个 months later , went to the dprk , and the number of battlefield is i 120 flight time , i claims to be the first in the world over 50 , the air force of the united states launched trial of strength , and created amazing results .
fifth , strengthen the source participation , and make greater efforts to maintain macroeconomic .
in particular , 重修 京义 railway the agreement reached , the economic artery in order to connect the north - south to irradiate vigor and enormous vitality to the development of the north and the south , and the construction of the eurasia continental bridge " eurasian continent and economic cooperation , " have important significance .
more of attention , has a bearing on the vital interests of the voters have vividly welfare , the us domestic policies for example , taxation , social , and medical care , education , and so on , therefore , no matter how is bush or gore , are not in the campaign to energy spent on NULL policy toward china and expounded his policy .
of course , to president bush will ultimately adopt any specific policies currently is still under 断语 , because every session of the new administration as soon as he took office will be made to the foreign policy of the united states re - examination .
this fully shows that the people of macao can not only running macao , but can management . over the past
however , along with the lee yuan - tseh made a special article , 九月二日 the inter - party group in the first meeting of the proposal put forward by return to the 1992 consensus , he suggested that aroused attention to the mainland .
丘芷慧 one after another , made a reply , and 天真 asked : " since you ? 来不来 macao
beijing , 十二月二十日 ( xinhua ) - - in instructions to the coal mine safety supervision work conference today , the state council vice premier wu bangguo asked : to strengthen the security supervision , and intensify law enforcement , strictly prevent major and extraordinarily serious 责任事故 place .
the broad masses of the people must not be unaware .
for example , the zhejiang 's wenling city gangsters headed by zhang wei , former mayor of wenling city 周建国 六十七 the cpc officials , including former director of the public security department of wenling city 杨卫中 " help . "
guangdong region so as to crack down on kong and macao had fujian , and shanghai as the mainstay so as to crack down on criminal taiwan .
the participants said : it is necessary to the in - depth study and implementation of the spirit , in light of their own characteristics , and give full play to the advantages , 's political situation for the building of socialism with chinese characteristics , economic , political , and cultural service to the maintenance of stability and unity , and for realizing the motherland 's complete reunification , and for safeguarding world peace and promoting common development services .
the law committee in accordance with the opinions on the draft add the content of this regard .
to contend for the state members of the seats in los angeles , there are four chinese people .
to participate in government council for the promotion of the chinese people and the asian people will on an equal footing , and thousands of his election campaign , as well as to the awareness of the participation of the " falungong " is to improve the chinese people .
under the circumstances that hegemonism and power politics still exist and the foundation for the development of a new , especially in the country 's peaceful reunification have been hit by serious threat , china must strengthen the ability to apply military means to defend their sovereignty and security .
the public to time in keeping with the open content .
adhere to the main theme remains unchanged , enrich the contents to the end , and tangible results in consolidated and improved , and extend , radiation from top to bottom , make efforts in 求新 , truth - seeking , and the upper and lower efforts .
however , the kmt is about a leap forward in the three century , we should face of the different ideologies .
the taiwan independence , the united states at the present stage to prevent or in order to avoid the principle of cross - strait war is : the chinese communists do not use force , the two sides to seek a peaceful means .
the 20 th century special conditions of the times , and china 's special historical conditions for bringing up a mao zedong in this way the great genius .
the rally staff members and workers 100 said , the management of the confusion caused a ' benefits ' leaders at all levels .
it is understood that the ministry of science and technology will funds to support the implementation of the international science and technology cooperation plan .
along with the growth of population , and economic and social the rapid development of the shortage of water , and grain , oil , and other strategic resources will china 's future sustainable development pose a serious threat .
actively explore with the industry funds , and the forms of risk investment funds to introduce foreign capital .
import foreign advanced technology and equipment of the western region 's superior industries and export NULL projects , the state for its support on the targets and arrangements in foreign commercial loans .
relevant central departments , colleges in the eastern region and scientific research institutions , it is necessary to strengthen the western region with intelligence service and personnel support .
in his speech , he set clear requirements for making a success of next year 's party building work in particular , organizational work .
the policy of asked , director of the briefing a look at the relevant scientific and technological education and qualified personnel in the policy for the large - scale development of the western region .
according to statistics , last year , a total of the province to hit by the taiwan compatriots ' donations 二千余万 billion yuan , and fully reflects the 深情厚谊 the close blood between fujian and taiwan people .
they held that china is strong , not only in the development in the next century will become an economic power , but also will become a military power .
at present , as the national level development zones with the approval of the state council , has nine development zones and upgrading .
along with the implementation of these ecological construction project , the belief that the goal of the " 再造 a beautiful of the western region " can surely be realized .
in fact , china 's color television sets market to a buyer 's market , and the color television sets 年产 capability has long as high as 40 million taiwan and the market demand was $ 20 million taiwan , the price fell has become inevitable .
坚苦卓绝 for a long time , the chinese communists marxism with the reality of the chinese revolution and construction , formed mao zedong thought and deng xiaoping theory .
shandong has been removed from his post as 阳信 刘成文 , secretary of the county party committee , county magistrate 王力 王天河 , director of the county public security bureau , in accordance with the relevant procedures , and continue to carry out investigation in accordance with law .
replaced with 分房 money , and let the people in the house purchases ; in addition , the mainland scheduled at the beginning of the new year , lifting restrictions on 外销 cabinet secretary for investment business opportunities for foreign - funded enterprises , 极大 .
ideological and political construction has committed towering fruitful results of training troops through science and technology in the ascendant , logistics reform steadily promoting weapons and equipment , markedly improve the overall combat effectiveness , the people 's army is a cross - century development on the journey of the triumphant advance of china .
treasury bonds it is necessary to continue to improve and strengthen the management of projects , and prevent and resolutely reduce the redundant construction and blindly construction , waste action , and guarantee the quality of the projects , ensure the use of treasury bonds play to the desired results .
see this point , it easy to make mistakes and setbacks .
the original parties 推测 candidates for the minister of national defense , and there is no including what donald rumsfeld , and 华盛 immediately submitted to the once said that rumsfeld may long as the cia .
in the wake of the disintegration of the soviet union , the international political stage a new pattern of more than strong .
the kmt 's high - level personages said , " you taiwan authorities even one china does not recognize the chinese people , and also 谈什麽 " mini three links , " really is a preposterous 岂有此理 . "
relatively outstanding achievements made by the chinese diplomacy last year , NULL there are four aspects : first , the relations between china and various major powers improvement and development in the relative stability .
" sun yafu , however , did not directly answer , only reiterated that the " three direct links is the internal affairs of a country , it is necessary to carry out under the principle of one china , direct two - way links , and mutual benefits . "
to say that the overwhelming majority of weapons has been destroying , therefore , we believe that it is necessary to lift its sanctions , at least is gradually eased .
有道是 " rock , " who higher 爬 梯子 in the anti - china , who will fall NULL .
it is reported that china 's put into operation of nuclear power station at present , there are two nuclear power station , the building of the four , during the 10 th five - year period will be some new nuclear power projects to be launched .
in the open up the international market , 中航第二 group also strive to open up the domestic market and achieved certain results .
sino - indian the people of the two countries should further strengthen cooperation in all fields , so as to make their due contributions to the development of their respective , as well as the world 's peace between the two countries .
in coordination with the development of the tourist industry is inseparable from the civil aviation , railway , communications , and other industries cooperation is inseparable from the plan , fiscal , financial , and other departments effective support , cannot be separated from commercial , and 餐饮 , entertainment , and other aspects of supporting services .
the fact is the case .
the voice of opposition arafat not only from " 法塔赫 " organization within the radical organization , kazakhstan , 马斯 , and other leaders ' arafat themselves at present , some people to compromise the albanian his dissatisfaction .
the mass work of building civilized city to continuously in depth , and provide a powerful ideological guarantee for capital of reform and opening up , and modernization , and spiritual motive force and intellectual support .
powell served as chairman of the joint chiefs of staff during the clinton administration , opposed to the us involvement in bosnia - herzegovina , conflicts of the view that the us troops stationed overseas front is too long and latin america .
he said : since the establishment of the communist party of china in 1986 , formally establish friendly relations with the syrian renaissance party , high - level visits continuously , friendly exchanges have increased with each passing day , and open up new channels for the comprehensive development of relations between the two countries , and has added new contents .
阿赫马尔 thanked hu jintao 's briefing .
we have stressed : with the indian good - neighborliness and friendship .
the " non - the issue of " one of the united states , and mean that it is the past one china , not a one - china . now
in major scientific research test tasks , and successfully is the last word , we must spare no effort to guarantee success .
when jiang zemin and other central leading comrades went to the east hall of the great hall of the people , and the representatives attending the meeting were met , the audience burst into warm applause .
the reform of the structure of agricultural science and technology , it is necessary to exist in view of the agricultural scientific and technological fields of outstanding problems , and to speed up the construction and perfect the new type of agricultural science and technology innovation system .
over the past 30 years since china and cyprus established diplomatic relations in the concern of the leaders of the two countries and the cultivation and through the joint efforts of both sides , sino - cypriot friendly and cooperative relations has been constantly new development .
most as a state of china , small space is weak , in order to 扼制 power control of space utilization of space capability , and will also developing antisatellite weapons , and other weapons in space warfare .
however , due to the " enemy " special combat soldiers in 罩 stealth anti - reconnaissance , clothing , with the result that our battlefield television reconnaissance system screen is only a 白茫茫 .
after more than two years of hard work , 本地区 the economy of some countries has been from the impact of financial crisis emerged from the low ebb , gradually resumed growth , and is developing in a good direction .
the standing committee of the political bureau of the cpc central committee , li ruihuan , chairman of the cppcc national committee , attended the tea party .
in his speech , some members of the wto highly appraised the important efforts made by the chinese delegation to push forward the process of negotiations .
third , in submitted to the application of an interview with documents , i relevant departments only the requirements for those who provide news organizations where journalists has proven that NULL , the reporters and gather news program .
the main has adopted the method of six : first , 施教 because of the people .
the united states in many people of insight bush has warned us that it is necessary to cautiously handle the taiwan issue , in particular , 售 taiwan issue of weapons , so as not to affect the overall situation of sino - us relations .
under the situation of confrontation between the deadlock of cross - strait talks , general secretary jiang zemin 八时 with chen shui - bian 's cross - strait reunification , integration theory have provided favorable opportunity for cross - strait to link up resume talks .
in the urban management , it is necessary to step up urban infrastructure construction , it is necessary to attach importance to management modernization .
in education , bush has put forward a " 转学 券 plan , " allowing the low - income families to the children from 公立学校 私立学校 .
since then , the proposal of the two sides signed an intermediate agreement , and gradually become the policy concept of the united states .
this case involving more than 10 people , 42 party and government cadres , and judicial organs and cadres 15 cadres , and financial institutions be out of wenling city , the standing committee of the former mayor 周建国 , former city party committee , minister of public security bureau 杨卫中 a number of major leading cadres .
chen yunlin stressed that the separatist unpopular and " taiwan independence " will certainly provoke a war .
more than in the past , the organization years , however , has far exceeded the registration to carry out subversive , anti - china activities the true features of the nature of qigong organization , its original rely on international forces 猖狂 .
a host of facts show that , the " falungong " organization and activities in hong kong , NULL are taking place in a qualitative is totally the name of religion , culture , political , and may produce a threat , it is necessary to conscientiously to analyze and solemnly attention . to its
the two sides also had a friendly manner exchange of views on the us arms sales to taiwan , frank , china 's accession to the world trade organization , the united states " national missile defense [ nmd ] system " and " theater missile defense system , " " law " and other issues .
the social security system is social stability " safety net , " all countries in the world have regarded it as " the most important task . "
li hongzhi propaganda " falungong " cruelly injuring or killing 生灵 out .
so far , the us strategy toward china has basically taken shape .
persist in emancipating the mind and seeking truth from facts , can be said to be " is prone to know difficult . "
as people father , the most difficult endured the child by ruining by maltreated .
they 带上 roads 亲生 mother ?
innovation is the wisdom and flowers , the crystallization of the knowledge .
has always been , the government of every country foreign institutions in hong kong , and 's visit to hong kong officials strictly abide by the relevant regulations , and will not engage in in hong kong are not in accord with the capacity of activities , not an individual contacts with political groups .
the spokesman said : the relations between the united states and the dprk expressed the hope that , some people 心怀 sinister motives and hostile and permanent 趁机 fish in troubled waters .
it was learned that , on the basis of study , xinjiang , all units were specific problems have launched a " opposing superstition advocating science " and atheism special - topic education .
at the same time , all units also sent " 课外辅导 member of the " remote rural and pastoral areas , and 农牧 a delegation to all ethnic groups in - depth of the masses and popularize the knowledge of popularizing science , and help the broad masses of peasants and herdsmen a clear understanding of the evil cult nature of " falungong " and jointly safeguard the frontier prosperity and stability .
this article entitled " adhere to the one - china principle to promote the cross - strait direct " three links " said , the so - called " mini three links , " that is , direct contacts between kinmen , matsu and fujian 's coastal areas .
the general a normal person may not know that li hongzhi the so - called " however , on a higher level " and " seek fulfillment " is the meaning of " falungong 's " falungong " followers are 心领神会 addicts , even more firmly believe that 不疑 .
he expressed the hope that in the future to further expand the two - city forum 's agenda and exchanges projects other , NULL culture , education and other fields .
he said : over the past 10 years , the situation shows that the investment of taiwan businessmen in the mainland , favorable to taiwan .
words , the us federal bureau of investigation report also quoted us intelligence officials have listed the list of an exceeding 3,000 enterprises , these are enterprises in the united states and the government have contacts with the chinese communists .
in particular , organizations , overseas chinese have established to oppose " independence " and promoting reunification , enthusiasm and thither appeal for china 's reunification .
we should encourage multinational companies to set up the research and development centers and regional headquarters .
apec senior officials will be is a regular meeting attended by all members of the high - level officials , will hold four . this year
jiang zemin also briefed the guests on china 's domestic situation and china 's views on the current international situation .
it is necessary to introduce the mechanism of competition in the power industry of vertical up monopolistic first of all , it is necessary to the reorganization of the existing organizations of the industrial structure , otherwise we will not be able to create the conditions of the main body of the market and fair competition .
the reform of the power industry is a systems engineering , and is of long - term nature .
after informed sources have revealed that zhuang rushun 未遂 commit suicide , 悔 have the intention to involved in the yuanhua case first line of fujian province minister 李闽忠 of the propaganda department of the provincial party committee , accepting bribes from lai changxing high - level in his post as the zhangzhou city cpc committee and secretary of the vehicles , and other .
according to the investigation group was based on this analysis , " 鱼鹰 " accident is likely to 驾驶员 manipulated the wrong serious .
for many years , the chinese people have paid great efforts for the realization of national reconciliation and economic construction , to support the cambodian people to defend national sovereignty and territorial integrity , and have given selfless assistance .
on a number of scientific research units , some experts as the leadership of the views of his academic also has become a " instructions , " has become absolutely correct .
the spokesman said that in diplomatic relations with the prc the signing of diplomatic relations between the communique , various countries also shoulder this obligation . therefore , these countries should fulfill their promise of diplomatic relations between the communique .
ningxia rely on the grass - roots party organizations , clearly NULL key points , and take the way to initiate the concentrated education in the legal system running the study courses , the " falungong " addicts to carry out and meticulous ideological and political education .
the initial 法医 the spot inspection , " the corpse in the east in the west , with combined blows , who was 仰卧 爆燃 burn not death 窒息 death . " this is because in an instant
in other words , this year , the cross - strait relations may quite from various political parties in taiwan can lead to the initiative to the drastic changes in the factors .
in this way , 17 evaluation delegation members have all 到京 , will the inspection tour to the work of beijing 's olympic bid . since tomorrow .
without the truth , he more hypocritical !
earlier , will carry out a new missile 助推器 in march and april test .
zhu bangzao pointed out , is consistent and clear stand on the issue of iraq , the chinese side .
unity , education and redemption the great majority of " falungong " practitioners , and is the common responsibility of the entire society .
the regional party committee , executive deputy secretary of the autonomous region chairman of the list of tibet , attended the meeting and gave an important speech .
in fact , the dprk iraq , libya , iran , and other is the third world countries , they did not 核导弹 , NULL possible for the united states indeed 核威胁 ? NULL , some countries have a small number of ballistic missiles , such as iraq is an example .
with long - term of the institute of himself to the united states and its people particularly strong sense of anxiety , the united states are very little 自吹自擂 time , the general impression of this does not work , it also insufficient , 颇有 高处 are hard to promote .
in the course of the struggle in one fell swoop , the hubei provincial xiangfan city public security organs , decisively strikes , out of a criminal syndicate led by 余林 nature of the criminal organizations and arrested criminal cases cracked the crime of 34 members , 39 , seizing guns 12 .
to 余林 hired thugs 刘勇 felling seriously injured .
liu xiaoming envoy also answered the audience the relevant issues .
at the same time , promote the building of grass - roots political power functions change in accordance with the requirements of the development of the socialist market economy , streamlining township and town organs and personnel and promote the villagers ' self - government , perfect the management system in the rural areas , so that the superstructure in rural areas to better adapt itself to the changes in the economic base .
in the energy structure of energy , beijing will shift from coal clean energy , for instance , such as natural gas , wind , solar energy .
bush promised after being elected , it is necessary to establish a greater and more senior and all - round defense system .
therefore , the strategy of the united states and russia requirements , british negotiations , is seeking a greater room for their plight in a dilemma room for maneuver .
郭寿康 享有盛誉 law in the international community 於世贸 rules in many aspects , china is still no legislation , recently pointed out : the law , telecommunications , and protect the integrated circuits undertaken by china in the service trade , and protective measures to make design , need to be 提上 legislative agenda as soon as possible .
at the banquet , vice president of the guangdong 同乡会 刘平中 欢迎辞 .
it was learned that , in the report of the 16 th congress next year , he was relieved of general secretary jiang zemin 's resignation from his post as president of the state , however , whether or not to preserve the post , chairman of the central military commission currently has not been long .
the armed forces , the lanzhou military region people 's congress deputies 联勤部 樊根深 minister said : " in the past , a military cadres family , often several paper 箱子 equipment , and clothes a 大衣柜 奢侈 .
in this serious political struggle , 涌现出 a large number of advanced collectives and progressive individuals .
development is the last word , the development of the times , the main theme of development is the key to solving all problems in china .
we 担子 , on the shoulder the responsibility for the large - scale ! "
in the history of more than 200 years in the united states , a total of 1.8万 people were sentenced to death , only 38 percent of white people .
recently , a us brzezinski , well - known said when interviewed by the chinese media , newspapers and periodicals 每周 he read china , the hostility toward the united states to him by the large - scale attack .
this is an important issue of strengthening and improving party building in the new period .
hu jintao the history of the party profoundly expounded on the importance of strengthening the building of the party .
yao jun , chen jinhua , vice chairman and 农工 democratic party central committee , vice chairman of the npc standing committee buhe , vice chairman of the cppcc national committee , attended the welcoming ceremony .
a reporter asked : do you believe that china 's why at present , the approval of the " covenant " ?
he said , the cppcc national committee , and take part in units and members have firm support to the central authorities ' major policy decisions on handling and resolving the " falungong " issue .
looking at the stage of development , china 's industrialization have not completed , and modernization process as soon as the beginning of the near future .
朱文 - member proposed that we should create a more favorable policies and market environment , so that the non - public economy and healthy development .
zeng jianhui is at a news briefing held by the fourth session of the ninth npc today .
the relationship between make great efforts to strengthen the building of socialist spiritual civilization and the building of democracy and the legal system , and the relationship between reform , development and stability , and promoting the development of various social undertakings and to ensure social stability .
of course , the navy , as the kidd - class destroyers made the domestic publicity ?
tang dongcheng another , 可敬 he was in charge of the law , there are more 尽责 潜心 scientific research . not only the extreme
reporters who asked : " china 's economy really be able to the realization of 7 percent growth ? " 七嘴八舌 to an economist 冲浪 are on the net
member 张春园 said : in recent years , china 's agriculture and rural construction of infrastructure has made remarkable achievements , however , compared with the city is still very backward .
member of the 赵法箴 , it is necessary to regard the development of fishery as a major industries optimize the industrial structure of agriculture and increase peasants ' income .
宋春 , 田北俊 , 胡定旭 , 庄 beginning his journey , 赵海宽 , member of the 蔡继明 , and 骆少君 , also separately issued views on the financial system , urban sewage discharge life , and the development of high - tech and other .
he said : as an old industrial bases , liaoning also facing many difficulties and problems .
entrusted by the state council , the ministry of finance minister xiang huaicheng delivered a report on the execution of the central and local budgets for 2000 and 2001 draft central and local budgets .
the report 's statement , strong , inspiring .
general , he also has his opinion , his responsibility , and 见识 , he is still very important views different members ' speeches , i feel that this spirit , we should carry forward in which the scope of the cppcc national committee .
the " outline of the tenth five - year plan is a continuation of china 's " three - step " development strategy and details .
liu hongbin this phenomenon deeply worried .
deputy wang ruilin said : very crucial point , we must with comrade jiang zemin 's important thinking of " three represents " as the guide , and push forward the modernization of the armed forces , effectively 高中级 the building of the contingent of cadres .
huang ju said : through the painstaking efforts of the people of the shanghai , shanghai has attained historic changes in the adjustment of economic structure , and the readjustment of the pattern of the productive forces , and preliminarily established a basic framework of the socialist market economy .
he said : since the implementation of the policy of reform and opening up , china has undergone enormous changes have made tremendous achievements in the economic , political , cultural , foreign affairs , and other aspects .
over the past year and more , the support of the central government , and the macao sar government to adopt various measures to crack down on criminal forces , effectively safeguarded social stability .
it is necessary to give full play to the human , material , and financial resources the greatest economic returns , and make great efforts to train new - type qualified military personnel , and provide a solid material foundation . qualified personnel for winning
he said that the gate members and workers at the plant 议论纷纷 , has always been no clashes occurred . "
" it is necessary to coordinating all quarters strength , and form a powerful force for advancing institutional innovation . "
the key position of the party committees and government should put scientific and technological progress and innovation in economic and social development , and effectively solve practical problems in the course of development .
if these problems are not solve china 's modernization will be seriously affected .
in new projects to environmental protection , and see to it that output increase reduce pollution , and technical transformation projects on the part of the 治污 it is necessary to implementation .
they held that during the review and discussions , urbanization strategy is china 's important choice realization of urbanization in the new century .
it is necessary to strengthen the supervision in enterprises " three stresses " education and inspection .
last year , the role of npc standing committee in the process of the revision of the marriage law , and extensively listen to the opinions of all quarters , in a variety of forms and pay close attention to giving play to the women 's federation organizations and achieved good results .
, executive vice chairman of the 李蒙 , vice chairman of the yao jun , 章师明 , 陈灏珠 , 阎洪臣 , 宋金升 , 朱兆良 , 陈建生 , 陈宗兴 , 张大宁 , 左焕琛 , 桑国卫 attended the meeting .
become a member of the warm discussions topic of discussion meeting of the cppcc national committee , intellectual property rights .
during his lifetime deng xiaoping also said , " our reform all the final successfully whether or not , or depends on the political system .
member of the new 鸿基 地产 development company limited in hong kong president and concurrently president of the 郭炳湘 held that : china is now become the largest industrial goods production bases , one of the same time , constantly expanding the scale of the consumer market .
, compared with the united states and other western countries should be much fewer , the total amount of the military spending of the whole , the chinese government on the military spending of the company , india , and other countries should also more than that of china .
kim tae - chung also to bush said that the rok will continue to make efforts to promote dialogue and the dprk , and every step will and the united states consultation , so as to let the progress of rok - dprk relations conforms to the interests of the two countries in south korea and the united states .
although 1 percent of the people hold 45 percent of the social wealth , however , high - income makers who did not pay personal income tax . " " the main supplier of
at present , unity , equality , and mutual assistance of a new type of socialist ethnic relations in ningxia has been continuously consolidated and developed .
in the face of opportunities and challenges and hopes 惟有 迎头 , we can we do not disappoint the central committee and the people throughout the country .
, china 's commodity trade and service trades investors have the right to enjoy the wto members will be able to enjoy good treatment , and gradually abolished some countries for china 's discriminatory policies and measures to further open up the international market .
continue to develop external contracts and labor cooperation , encourage enterprises with competitive advantages to carry out processing trade abroad , and leading products and services and technological exports .
from " ushering in " to upgrade " going out , " the outside world to have a new realm .
when answering reporters on china 's accession to the world trade organization [ wto ] have to hong kong , and macao regions , economic , shi guangsheng said : after china 's accession to the world trade organization , not only will the mainland to china development opportunities , but also will have a positive impact on the economic development of the hong kong and macao , and bring opportunities for development .
the middle east issue is also one of the issue when president , his election campaign bush will surely be discussed .
the department of the preparatory work after receiving the order , and quickly completed within the stipulated time the combat readiness missile , and in the air raid conditions to a certain military port pier the transfer of missiles , guarantee for the ships 出航 on time .
however , at any time and under any circumstances , the starting point and foothold of all our work must conform to the fundamental interests of the broadest masses of people .
during the " ninth five - year " a total of liaoning tree - planting 1.5 billion trees have been planted the 10 th five - year plan period , will also tree planting trees have been planted 28亿 , at the same time decided to the 采伐 natural forests .
he disclosed that china will soon join the NULL , before the regulations of foreign capital out , china will not have the joint venture telecommunications corporation pilot .
only by seize the opportunity , seize the time to speed up development , we will be able to take off to achieve comprehensive national strength by leaps and bounds .
the us government for the people , the development of sino - us relations has attracted worldwide attention .
the leading cadres 喊破 嗓子 干出 looks like 强将 hoodlums as the saying : there is no weak force .
china , NULL china , 贬低 李吕 two people , like japan 殖民者 to see china , 诅咒 china , and are full of thank feelings of the japanese aggressors .
therefore , at present , the new us administration has yet to be ruled out in formulating the policy toward iraq will adopt a relatively pragmatic attitude , and gradually improve and iran relations .
in the near future is facing three major tests if the bush administration took office in the past two months the two sides is at a stage of mutual testing each other , run - in period , and it is in the next few months of sino - us relations between the two countries may face of the three major tests .
first , violated china 's criminal law , and other laws .
guelleh , and djibouti are willing to further expand the process of economic development and participate in the development of friendly cooperation in all fields , the chinese side welcomed chinese enterprises to take part in the djibouti of mineral resources and natural resources , djibouti .
basically completed the social security system independent from enterprises and institutions , sources of diversification , the system of guaranteeing the standardized management service socialized .
comrade deng xiaoping , honorary president .
even people think the invitation of li hongzhi 's visit to taiwan , and with high - profile reception , with " led to the effect of chain " . . .
article 35 . a military scientific research units , academies and schools shall implement a military scientific research personnel 's term of office and examination system . examination contents generally include the ideological and political research achievements , and the level of business and innovation capability , and so on .
this 窘况 , at the end of last year , a report of the us think tank the commentary says , " in asia , the status of the control of the united states has been full of mixed welcome , " because of the asian financial crisis shows that , " when the united states should help friends , the united states did not help them " .
under such circumstances , the united states is the best choice is to seriously adherence to the one china policy , and to reduce or stop arms sales to taiwan , especially not sell " god NULL " system of offensive .
since the birth of marxism , and generation to generation of marxism in accordance with the law of practice and understanding , again practice , 再认识 , with the times , continuously study new situations and resolve new problems , create new experiences , thus promoting of marxism in the course of constantly open up new realms .
the measures , all measures can be strong .
we adhere to the principle of mutual benefit in line with the " one china , direct two - way links , " and promote the early realization of cross - strait " three links . "
li xiaoyan told the teachers : " i 不在乎 得分 how much .
after the threshold to be a traitor ! , and by the police the tool of the case should also leave !
this plane collision incident , which occurred in the airspace over the south china sea , china has aroused strong indignation , in the near future , said : it is a to the chinese people that they must repay the blood debt owed , since the government of the us bombing of the chinese embassy in yugoslavia are not as .
beijing and washington handle this aircraft collision incident , add the variables of us arms sales to taiwan .
the most absurd the us military plane as the us territory , the us side will intruded into china 's territorial airspace and landed at china sea water 南陵 at the airport , enjoy immunity a series of demand from the chinese side .
the act of the us plane violated relevant stipulations of the " un convention , and has undermined the relevant consensus and the united states last may on avoiding dangerous military actions at sea reached .
just as president jiang zemin pointed out : the responsibility for this incident lies entirely in the united states , the us side should apologize to the chinese people .
fifth , it is necessary to protect the people and students patriotic enthusiasm , but the requirements of everyone to adhere to the post , and should not 上街 , and believe that the central government has the ability to handle the issue of sino - us relations .
justice is in people 's minds and friendship between the chinese government and people of goodwill and restraint will be made in the fair assessment of the international community , including the people of the united states .
in 1997 , the development of the " kyoto protocol " is an important international documents of mankind in trying to control their own actions through so as to reduce the impact on climate change has reached .
4月3日 version of the history textbook for 2002 , the japanese government approved by the japanese right - wing scholars written statements , the distortion of the nature of a number of historical facts of aggression history 开脱 , even to the arrogance of 军国主义 .
all countries , both the south and the north , regardless of the country , and small , should become the beneficiaries of globalization .
after that , president lagos the constitution square in front of the presidential palace to welcome president jiang zemin held a ceremony .
on 5 april , they water , because suffered from hypertension 住进 units a local hospital .
from the election campaign to taking office , bush 's foreign policy is still uncertain , and there are indications show that the dangerous signs of an of the mainstream .
XHZSS0024. 4329 20010407 ( xinhua ) - - president jiang zemin delivered a speech in latin america and the caribbean and economic committee of the united nations santiago , 6 apr - - chinese president jiang zemin said here on 6 june the united nations latin america and the caribbean and economic committee , made a speech entitled " jointly create the sino - latin american friendly cooperation between the new century " speech .
we urge the consideration of developed countries , and take care of the interests of the developing countries jointly resolving the developing countries funds lack of a heavy debt , and fragile financial and technological backwardness , and other issues .
zaldivar 's capacity of 1985年 of your excellency visited china , expressed the belief that you visited china once again , we will see changes have taken place in china , will certainly is very useful to enhance mutual understanding and promote our two sides sino - chilean friendship and cooperation .
at the same time , we also hope that china 's increase investment in chile , and better use of chile . at the airport port facilities
he said : chile have many good experiences in legal system building , we should study and reference .
when president jiang zemin and his wife wang yeping stepped down from the plane , has been welcomed the argentine president fernando de la rua and the argentine government officials greeted the ramp .
the sensitive nerve the historical issue has always been the countries in the world by the japanese it brought barbaric aggression , however , for several years ago , the total number of people in japan in the continued to stimulate it .
in all parts of the world can see that such a moving scene . in japan , in china ,
simplified history or to clearly understand history can only further complicate bring more protests and angry .
brasilia , 11 apr - - the steady development of sino - brazilian strategic partnership 杨立民 china and brazil are 东西半球 the two largest developing countries .
some people said that , the united states 's industrial economy is not the main killer environment in the world , the real as .
at present , the categories of crime of more than in the past , and harm the extent of increase over the past , the " strike - hard " is still the most important link in safeguarding social stability and security .
we must implement the principle of the " strike hard " in the investigation , arrest , prosecution , judicial , and supervision and management and transformation , and other crack down on crimes in various links , to form a powerful cohesive force of the " strike hard " .
a sound of blessings telephone , a NULL kept warming the letter to us individually , the east of sokch 束 绽开 flowers , NULL into a shares love , people love for wang wei 's lives to huzhou to the lingshui , sent to beijing to sea between the day .
the spirit of the two sides have played a consultation and cooperation , he made a " win - win " result of acceptable to both sides .
in other words , taiwan 's " 大脑 may very first piece of the aegis warships , " god 盾 warfare , but also for the " could not find body , " not the hull of taiwan .
the chinese communists will help taiwan independence , it is a most sensitive " the us relations in the " nerve , explained the arms sales once 震怒 is true , the chinese communists . the
if so , it is also necessary - aegis destroyers ?
china 's economic and social undertakings with great development , but the task remains very arduous , and we have the confidence to achieve their goals .
wang wei is worthy of 好榜样 the study of officers and men of the whole army .
, and low base , with the same period of last year , the growth of investment 较快 is the result of treasury bonds to increase the state investment projects 施工期 this year ahead of schedule have a certain relations .
however , after the taiwan authorities have introduced the " no haste , be patient " policy in 1996 , the unemployment rate .
argument : the chinese side on the us military reconnaissance plane tracking and monitoring the responsibility of the incident , the chinese side .
we advise 自作聪明 the people , and should not 打错 miscalculated . "
a certain signal regiment of the guangzhou military region conducted useful explorations .
for more than 40 years , the 28 years and 15 years . in the convention and " elimination of all forms of racial discrimination in the international covenant " and the " international covenant on civil and political rights , the united states to approval from the signing of
these three cases are : sichuan 冉兴力 , robbery , and henan 常建立 robbery , and homicide , and guangdong 邓星众 , robbery , 盗窃案 .
, of which had fled overseas , some state - owned assets , a large number of loss , some state - owned enterprises can hardly be very serious harm to sustain , and social .
莫金英 and the others illegally sold guns and ammunition 枝 were zhang jun criminal group used to robbery , homicide , NULL caused casualties and huge amounts of the serious consequences of the public and private property losses . more than
when the public prosecutor read to " 被害人 张劲 , women , when the 29 year - old " NULL - year - old chongqing , the most severe punishment of 张德贵 夺眶而出 tears .
however , the pilot of the military reconnaissance plane at this time , a country 戴著 " a very merry christmas NULL " 抵近 in addition , the roar of the airspace of a sovereign country , " a very merry christmas gift " is a threat and provocation .
the healthy and stable sino - japanese relations not only conform to the fundamental interests of the people of the two countries and our future generations , and is also conducive to peace and development in the region and the world .
however , after the establishment of sino - us diplomatic relations , the us side has not been seriously , and strictly fulfill its obligations undertaken .
china is 大船 , the party is good 舵手 .
zhang qiyue said that the chinese side has always opposed japanese political leaders paying homage to the " yasukuni shrine . "
otherwise , all the consequences can only be undertaken by the us side .
the taiwan military 's main battle weapon firing , most prominent for long - distance offensive weapons , and overall combat capability outside the taiwan armed forces " fighting a decisive battle " new strategic concept , and also pay attention to in the exercise NULL tactical application for new - type weapons , so as to test their tactical technological functions , and effectively play various types of weapons .
in the study group to study the law , his house in the evening li hongzhi painting , " 虔诚 . "
he said : china and the eu countries have maintained good relations , and it is hoped that such friendly relations will be further strengthened .
he expressed his high appreciation for the development and the achievements made by china in economic construction and to austria enterprises will be able to take part in the development of china 's feel proud , and that for the future cooperation in various fields between the two sides are full of confidence .
continually called the " falungong " to slip materials they operate mailbox 文传 长篇 , and the impact their letters and 文传 . other important
some analysts believe that , through this incident , people have noticed that the bush administration 's china policy is moving closer to the third proposal .
however , in the past year and more , the new leader of the taiwan authorities does not recognize the one - china principle , have repeatedly denied the consensus of the two associations in 1992 .
the editorial holds that , fruits , no matter how many 华丽 修辞 , if the first " consensus " denying , causing the most basic dialogue and exchanges will be impossible to start , it would be 奢 said the next step is to reduce a misunderstanding .
tang jiaxuan and his party arrived in moscow to attend the foreign ministers of the " shanghai five " meeting and formal visit to russia on 27 june after the end of the formal visit to ukraine .
the key is to further strengthen the leading cadres at all levels , judicial personnel and administrative law enforcement personnel of young people , and education in the legal system of enterprise management personnel .
i hope that you will become people seeking the truth , 勇 for innovation .
in the current era of mutual dependence in the global economy , the economy of developing countries and economic transformation of the state will inevitably affected by the national industry , in particular , major economic power economic growth to slow down .
however , the new delhi , at least within a short time should be 静观 situation , rather than rashly inclining any tendency .
the taiwan compatriots , strongly urged the taiwan authorities recognize the 1992 consensus , and hopes to resume talks between the two associations , as soon as possible to improve cross - strait relations .
archival materials smuggling 七十四
my son , and can read the university 's republic of china , a peasant , they are not think , 扪心自问 the work of these past many years , i was 问心无愧 .
侯小虎 and the others conditions for use in customs work , perform this , their business - harvesting , a very disgraceful role in the smuggling criminal activities as a whole .
however , due to natural conditions NULL , the livelihood of peasants there are still many difficulties .
bush said : " we need a new framework , so that we will be able to build a missile defense system to deal with all kinds of the world today different threat . "
wu jianmin : " the so - called political said , is to engage in confrontation , but confrontation is unpopular .
the religious figures truly understand the freedom of religious belief , 妄加 comments on the united states has the right to freedom of religious belief for china .
the internal meeting form a three - point consensus that us president bush since taking office , that is , china as a strategic competition pressure on china , the opponents . even 恫吓 .
bush 重提 at present , the implementation of this plan , it is obvious that is in violation of the " anti - ballistic missile treaty " in the security of the cornerstone of the world , and trigger a new round of the arms race .
he repeatedly stressed that india will seek the establishment of friendship with china , cooperation , and diplomatic ties of good - neighborly and mutual benefit . in public occasions
1997年7月1日 here , president jiang zemin to the world : the chinese government resumed the exercise of sovereignty , the prc the hong kong sar government to hong kong .
the foreign exchange of assets ; on the other hand use of view , on the one hand , attract foreign capital in the cost of a relatively high , on the other hand , it reserves a lot of low income from the funds have two - thirds of the foreign exchange reserves , on the other hand and the ability to resist the international speculation capital the impact of the world .
in order to avoid 大进大出 of funds , causing impact of the asian financial market , the asian countries should make joint efforts to establish the bond market of asia 's reunification .
the scientific and technological exchanges and cooperation , and industrial promote each other , and favorable promoted the deepening of the cross - strait economic cooperation .
the chinese side and all sides have maintained contacts and communications , purpose is to eventually solve these problems multilateral talks in geneva .
the us citizens of chinese descent anti - cult association advocated in 1933 the founding of the new york federation of overseas chinese 衣馆 in new york on 28 july announced its founding .
yunnan province 高院 this case , of final appeal of sentenced to death yuebin , and deprived of political rights for life , and in their property 500,000 yuan , 罚金 10,000 yuan .
china and the united states have not reached no agreements on how to return of the spy plane .
fourth , perfect the system of laws and regulations on national defense education , strengthen supervision and inspection of law enforcement the " national defense education law will " the national defense law " and the " education law on national defense education provisions in this connection , but also provide a basis for improving the system of laws and regulations and rules relevant national defense education .
some us media recently 充斥 with a lot of remarks , and the cartoon sneered at the chinese people .
at the airport , NULL premier gave a brief a written speech .
the finance ministers will this report well , and held that NULL in a timely manner , and hopes to continue to hold .
the midst of pakistan economic rejuvenation plan , the chinese government is willing to push forward actively take part in china 's enterprises , and make efforts to pakistan economic development .
the india to become " a unipolar world " from a long - term , the rise of view , india is only a time the issue of whether or not to be in conflict with the united states or 未知数 . in the interests of the
originally , armitage handed a letter to bush 's letter to indian prime minister vajpayee , NULL 舅 谕 dream of specific date .
after going through many years under control , and the track of twists and turns , the indian - us relations will eventually 攴 NULL ツ page , after into the improvement and cooperation .
in order to fully guarantee for 僧尼 and the masses of religious believers the freedom of belief , and the central and tibet local governments in the past 10 years , a total of more than 300 million yuan , for the monasteries and religious activity venues for maintenance .
, especially in beijing , tianjin , and other big cities water problems . the overall situation of relations of the solve the problem of the haihe river valley water , and is of great significance .
the responsible persons of relevant departments accompanying vice premier li lanqing on his inspection tour wang chunzheng , xu rongkai , 高强 , 吕新奎 .
this situation is extremely 神似 the spindle with the " two - state theory " two years ago .
along with the progress of society , mankind their ability to continuously development , and demonstrated its strength is increasing .
huang ju the requirements of the shanghai young people study seriously study and what role models of advanced deeds of the ten of the whole army .
zhejiang 牛头山 .
in 1996 , after the taiwan strait crisis , the contradiction in cross - strait relations , evolved from " who represents " and " how to reunification , " opposing independence and promoting reunification and the struggle has become increasingly acute .
in order to ensure that the acts of night mobility , they 无 照明 , at night 课目 as to strengthen training , technical support by the division of 轮训 , integration , training , and other forms of training , and gradually breakthroughs at night mobile operations . " bottleneck "
if the nmd program 付诸实施 , and will damage the global strategic balance and stability , harm the mutual trust and cooperation , and obstructed the process of international disarmament and antiproliferation efforts , among the major powers and trigger a new round of the arms race .
your esteemed country with a long history and beautiful scenery and rich in resources .
according to reports , the seven year since chen shui - bian administration took office , the number of people of the whole island commit suicide 二千六百 , the average daily , create , and suicides the reason is the most because the unemployed . over the past years of the ninth
this warned us that it is very important and very timely manner .
in march this year , the taiwan authorities even more openly support the island 纠合 " taiwan independence " elements , for the first time in the island sponsored by the " world taiwan , " and staged a 丑剧 of " taiwan independence . "
all inspection team members have carried out concentrated training before proceeding .
the history of both sides , cultural traditions , and social system different national conditions , and also exist differences , but we share similar views , and common interests in many major international issues .
over the past 50 years , the central government and people of all nationalities throughout the country is very much concerned about and support for tibet 's development and progress .
instead of confrontation , after the end of the cold war , dialogue , instead of confrontation , and cooperation have become the common aspiration of the people of all countries in the world .
last year , both sides agreed to promote this relationship to a all - round cooperation in the new stage . "
the economic cooperation between the two countries to further expand and venezuela has become the hong kong and investment in china and latin american countries .
for his style of conducting 略知一二 people are clear , he again in the performance .
the reason is quite simple , if not be able to not only the one - china principle as the foundation of cross - strait relations and cross - strait contacts and talks , but also cross - strait peaceful reunification will also become impossible .
" the traditional concept " weapons , such as the tanks , artillery , has become even the aircraft carrier has already outdated .
han seung soo stressed : since president kim tae - chung continue to pursue the ruling party , and the rok government set policy toward the dprk , spoke highly of china 's positive role in safeguarding peace and stability in the region , especially in the peace process on the korean peninsula to promote .
for this reason , we have drawn up propaganda and education in the legal system fourth five - year plan .
li peng positive assessment of diplomatic relations over the past 10 years , relations between the two countries have made progress , and the royal family members of brunei sultan important contributions made to promote bilateral relations .
jiang chunyun said : over the past few years , the chinese family planning to defend herself commended a large number of advanced units and progressive individuals , various localities in the whole country with a number of advanced models , how to promoting the reform of these typical experiences , and bring them over 开花结果 , and promote the work of the association the overall level of improving is a major event of the need to exert efforts .
jiang chunyun also pointed out that it is necessary to pay attention to carry out play to the role of the chairman of the association and promote the work of the association at all levels .
问道 .
the specific - 有旧 structure is concerned , the crash of the " completely two systems , " or have implemented the policy of reform and also a small number of hostile forces ' interference .
we should firmly believe that the party has the ability to ways to resolve some contradictions , difficulties and problems in the process of the current the course of reform .
the us new military strategy will lead the world ?
the issue of whether we can seriously and expose problems , and is a severe test for leading cadres .
in his speech , hu jintao expounded on the current international situation , the basic characteristics , analyzed the emergence of a number of new trends , changes .
li peng stressed that the implementation of the organic law of villagers committees , and strengthened the confidence and determination of the peasant masses to follow the building of the socialist road with chinese characteristics , to consolidate its foundation as the ruling party in the rural areas to carry forward the superiority of the socialist system in our country .
in particular , to the key points , and difficult problems principal leaders should personally communications with relevant local departments , consultation , and jointly study and solution to ensure the implementation of that all the resettlement policy .
bush said that the trade between china and the united states and help the agricultural producers and industrial and commercial enterprises of the united states .
world war ii , the japanese right - wing groups at one time was dissolved , the right - wing forces have been greatly weakened .
these measures forcefully shows that china 's determination to adhere to the policy of reform and opening up to the outside world , demonstrates china 's positive position toward multilateral economic cooperation , to play a constructive role in order to promote the progress of apec trade and investment liberalization .
this point , even the many insightful people in taiwan have 看出来 .
张健 said that he is the first was the destruction of units of the cpc to cope with barehanded students , after several hours , he him or her to the hospital , with a vehicle by the students still four injured , students , and 满目疮痍 , the hospital casualties has committed towering innocent students and workers of the support of movement of the people .
武宽 of apec trade ministers another topic is how to promote the implementation of the three action plan , that is , all the members of the collective action plan , and economic and technological cooperation program of action plan .
a few days ago , tel aviv committed suicide a vicious attack incident , and caused the death of more than 10 people , nearly 100 people were wounded .
the results of peace talks did not come easily , but even more important are 践诺 implementation .
when it once again 重生 , and its strength has 扇 醯 strong , and the output increased .
experts believe that the increase , and create job opportunities , should become the work of the government .
in accordance with the overall " army " to taiwan , this exercise will be launched , exercise in the valley 关丽阳 areas of taiwan in the central leading roles of 第862 special combat brigade is only a special combat capability of the airborne army to taiwan .
according to provide the rok , the relevant departments of the japanese government only also announced that 8 june , and stop from china 's import 禽 products .
question : the manufacturing and disseminating cult propaganda materials , that is , to undermine the laws , administrative laws and regulations the implementation of the cult , and is how to the provisions in the " explanation 2 " ?
apart from signing of the above - mentioned two agreements , one after another issued the " alma - ata statement , " and the " dushanbe statement " bishkek statement .
the policy of the united states , is always the us national interests as the most priority consideration .
since the beginning of reform and opening up , our country 's economic system and the mode of economic operation , social organizational forms , and the production and life of the masses have undergone profound changes .
" 大跃进 " and the " cultural revolution " is 折 two large - scale 麴 .
he said : , and explore how to build socialism in china , " 於毛 , as deng . "
upholding our belief in the party , we must strengthen ideological and political work , strengthening ideal and belief education .
you have been ! "
the heads of state of the six countries also jointly met with chinese and foreign reporters , and attended the luncheon president jiang zemin held for attending the meeting of the heads of state and his delegation .
shanghai , 15 jun ( 周晓华 潘清 ) - - chinese foreign ministry , vice minister of 张德广 said : today , the " shanghai cooperation organization " all member states of the heads of state meeting agenda have been smooth completion of the predicted target have been achieved a complete success .
he said that the purpose and principles of the organization is in the interests of the state and the people of uganda .
with the norms of mutual relations between the member states of the " shanghai spirit " of the " shanghai cooperation organization " will have better prospects for development .
it is necessary to carry out lc receipt - payment of foreign exchange business and inspection , and crack down on using the background of credit without genuine trade and financing and foreign exchange activities , it is necessary to seriously handle the relevant parties concerned .
at present , the domestic " incubator " is most of the government to set up tangible facilities , due to the government limited resources , the scope of its services have been greatly restrictions , many enterprises are very promising loss of development and expansion .
second , it is necessary to actively organize the masses in disaster areas develop a variety of operation , and open up more channels to increase their income .
although in which has - based , the government consideration to the political stand and did not to support in policy , and constantly also reminded the nongovernmental units it is necessary to pay attention to the united front work department of the cpc , however , the viewpoint of the non - governmental a more supporters , tendency .
in recent years , the two countries ' friendly cooperation have expanded continuously , and achieved positive results .
NULL officers on active service or left the army 退役 generals , our side is necessary to a medium - range missiles this kind of strategic deterrent weapons , 纵使 it is not nuclear bomb .
china 's financial industry , and the capital market on how to play a greater role ?
the pfp also expressed their opposition .
in many provinces have 订出 measures to dismissal 无能 cadres .
the academy of military sciences 罗源 , research fellow of the ministry of strategic studies , said that the history and facts have proven that the outcome of war is not depend on two new weapons decision .
over the past few days , i met with chancellor gerhard schroeder had talks with economic minister mueller , have extensive contacts with entrepreneurs , the visit has yielded fruitful results .
this kind of viewpoint should be 商榷 .
this rumsfeld 's new military strategy , " this important strategic the " cornerstone of war preparations for key to the hidden security of the asia , so as to cope with possible " damage the us national interests in the region and major events . "
however , no matter how to form an alliance 连宋 , lee teng - hui has indeed played the results of restraint .
this year , 6.26 " and " international narcotics control the eve of japan , on these problems had an interview with the national narcotics control commission and director of the public security minister jia chunwang .
he emphasized that us - china relations , the two sides should jointly strive to improve and develop the relations .
speed up the pace of industry and the readjustment of the regional structure , and promoted optimize the structure and industrial upgrading .
the police car imports from another 上山 , which and welcome the people are separated by a mountain on a mountain , lee teng - hui evade the masses of demonstration .
explore the road of twists and turns 前进 , will be successful , and will suffer setbacks .
he expressed the hope that the study of the advanced experiences of the armed forces , through this visit will further promote the development of the relations between the two countries and the two armed forces in the new century .
the shanghai 厉正宏 29 jun - - ( xinhua ) - - the shanghai municipal to mark the 80 th anniversary of the founding of the communist party of china , held a grand this afternoon .
ruling the party in strict fashion , it is necessary to comprehensively implement the party 's ideological , political , organizational , and work style building and truly embody to carry out education on party organizations at all levels and the broad masses of party members and cadres , management , and supervision of various links .
li peng said : china 's great importance to the important role of the us congress , and hope that the united states conference members to play a positive role in promoting relations between the two countries .
the past few days , the navy is the sea training " qingdao " missile destroyers , NULL the enthusiasm of 争先 创优 .
the collision incident has shown that , if china 's position 於或 china for creating enemy " explicitly will inevitably cause enormous damage to the international interests of the united states .
the process of china 's enterprise informationization level of the overall low .
the second is to promote the reform of the financial system , it is necessary to actively promote the department budget system of reform , the state treasury centralized receipt - payment system reform and tax and fee reform , we must continue to conscientiously implement the " revenue and expenditure " provisions , NULL strengthen supervision and management of funds .
the responsible comrades of the united front work department of the propaganda department of the organization department of the regional party committee , also attended the study of the regional party committee theory study central group .
the central government attaches great importance to , and the party committees support , and the masses enthusiasm , take part in the economic conditions permit , 天时 , and human conditions and the people and the situation very well .
in a cordial and friendly conversation , jiang zemin welcomed zanoun by the arab inter - parliamentary union , entrusted to visit china on the situation in the middle east .
she expressed the hope that the association of foreign investment enterprises will continue to play its role as a bridge between the government and enterprises in the future , more reflected in the opinions of investment in china entrepreneurs and requirements .
sources encouraging intends to invest the nongovernmental figures of the media , some people have is to step up planning to march towards the media industry .
in some technology to obtain , through the implementation of this principle , the japanese military technology , NULL development , and even exceeded the united states .
it is necessary to encourage retired demobilized officers and men , and to work in poverty - stricken areas , as the poverty - stricken areas contributions to the wisdom and strength of economic and social development .
the responsible persons of relevant departments of various special committees and organs of the cppcc national committee , attended the meeting as observers .
on the evening of 9 yang hyong - sop , vice chairman of the dprk supreme people session of the standing committee of the held in pyongyang at taiwan 议事堂 banquet to welcome chinese friendship delegation headed by vice chairman jiang chunyun .
he said : beijing 's bid for success will be a good . the beijing municipal government leading 杜德印 , 张茅 , and chinese ambassador to russia wu tao were present at the meeting .
third , it is necessary to strengthen the side of the information network law enforcement and judicial .
the purchasing price and directly under the central 热电厂 供热 is pursued through superordinate supervision 蚕茧 at the same time , NULL the factory price by the provincial - level departments in charge of price management .
maintaining the advanced nature of the party , it is necessary to comprehensively strengthen party building . in accordance with the requirements of the " three represents "
many enthusiastic in the development of cross - strait relations between the arats and taiwan to do practical things parties , organizations , and people from all walks of the rights and interests of the compatriots on both sides to handle this matter .
he said that further , when mr. deng xiaoping put forward the " peaceful reunification and one country , two systems , " and is the basic principle for resolving the taiwan issue .
if the two sides had no alternative but to force 非得 official contacts with another pattern of consultation , and various 戴著 " belarus 手套 " nongovernmental organizations , and this is the mainland contacts with taiwan .
why is the chief executive , a city under the " one country , two systems " in the international community will gain such a high - profile reception ?
people are hailing , seeing smiling 跳跃 , up for him 浸润 a lively .
officials of the european union countries in the birth of the " kyoto protocol " japan 's negative attitude on the agreement that cannot understand .
the article said that the new treaty should also promote the development of the economic cooperation between the two countries .
the war of aggression launched in the history of japanese militarism , and has greatly hurt the national feeling of the people of asia .
second , further clarified the sino - russian strategic cooperation at different levels in the direction of operation .
the well - known economist wu jinglian said that , as long as we continue to adhere to the policy of this , the chinese government implementation of the proactive fiscal policy and stimulate the supply - side policy has achieved remarkable results of this year , china 's economic growth will still very strong .
cotton sown area of this year increased are , it is necessary to pay attention to prevent " 打白条 " and " the peasants to sell cotton " issue .
it was learned that , the " protective umbrella " with the NULL , was suspected of the cases of various cases mentioned above have received legal sanctions .
the balance of short - term loans for six ? 5万亿 billion yuan , has increased 2482亿 billion yuan , an increase 360亿 billion yuan .
in recent years , the research institute has achieved a large number of scientific and technological innovations , and provide a powerful technical support for the building of our army 's combat effectiveness of new - type missile weapons .
i take part in the case of the united nations may have 翻新 , and it is learned that the government is to discuss whether or not to apply for become an observer " as our way to take part in the united nations . " this year
ye zhen also pointed out that , to weaken the role in stimulating economic growth , and other contradictions and problems that we need to arouse a high degree of attention .
the regiment in equipment management center , the radar station at any time NULL registration statistical data and materials storage situations , the various statements of radar station can also e - mail direct 传到 equipment management center and started to " science and technology " management .
after his return to taiwan , less than two months , he advocated by the " government of all people " collapsed , the dpp 被迫 a " minority government , " the construction of the " nuclear four " lead to an opposition party alliance confrontation between the democratic progressive party , taiwan 's political situation is chaotic state of turbulence .
in order to reach the above goals , chen shui - bian will fully displayed taiwan to taiwan relations with the united states 亲近 role as a " bargaining chip , " and 显现 checks the chinese mainland seek hegemony in asia and the world . the united states
in august last year when chen shui - bian the first visit , he separately gave the red packets $ 布基纳法索 the dominican 哥斯达黎加 四百六十万四千二百万三千万 , claimed that " the new government 's case aid loans case of the old regime will have to bear to sum up , " and ensure the future " aid will increase . "
on the contrary , high - level officials , including president chen shui - bian frequently appeared in time in light of the united states has humiliation and are sunk in the words and deeds .
in the near future and technological progress also shows that the structural adjustment , the troops through the improvement of the majority of combat force structure and their battle and support service support to greatly enhance combat effectiveness .
the central delegation , deputy head of the 帕巴拉 . namgyai , wang zhongyu , wang zhaoguo , xu caihou , responsible persons of the party , government , and the chengdu military region political commissar of the tibet autonomous region 杨德清 took part in activities .
fourth , the " taiwan government will continue to maintain the framework . "
the two sides had a deep exchange of views on sino - uruguayan relations and international and regional issues of common concern , and achieved important consensus .
second , to create public opinion , the spearhead of the so - called unstable factors in asia to china .
once the outbreak of war in the taiwan strait , the us government will face two difficult choices : we must " face 打退堂鼓 ; " they must with china , " it is necessary to the outbreak of a tragic the outcome of a war . "
the taiwan people understand the mainland , more and more and more willing to these important opportunity for further improve the cross - strait relations with the mainland compatriots , exchanges , and also to the people with hope .
the facts have proven that this is the fundamental cry out .
in the increase of rectifying and crackdown at the same time , it is necessary to earnestly take a policy of curing and perfecting the relevant laws and regulations and law enforcement mechanism , and gradually standardized market behavior , establish a good market economic order .
at the present stage capital outflow of china 's relatively abundant funds , and help international competition , and accumulated experience in the development of globalization .
with the theme of accounting computerization stage , the mid ' 80 s , the japanese emperor the 20 th century to 1997 is mainly computerization for manual 峒坪 order 悖 speed up the calculation of speed , and enhance the accuracy .
the currency exchange rate , a major devaluation of the economic the united states , japan , and the impact of the taiwan region , the rok , and 东南亚地区 stock market plunged , the back , even a financial turmoil and economic recovery and setbacks .
he further pointed out that china 's wto accession and the development of china 's economy in the asean is beneficial , " because it represents a greater investment and trade market . "
beijing time 八时十五分 , powell 's special plane arrived at the national .
i learned in a few days ago by jiangsu 's coastal defense work conference was held , the army , navy , integrated coastal defense and security management system has been early results .
commentator : the outstanding representatives of the leading cadres in the new period
the people 's liberation army is the embodiment of the party and the state political advantages an important force in the new situation and tasks , we must more consciously hold high the banner of safeguarding the core .
first , the development of a number of large companies and enterprise groups that has a bearing on the overall situation of economic development in recent years , many comrades are deeply understand , it is necessary to take part in international competition , we also lack of such a number of large companies and enterprise groups have international competitiveness .
conscientiously study the new historical conditions , and consciously practicing the " three represents " important thinking , is the fundamental requirement for the communist party members at the age of the forefront , maintain the advanced nature .
on 1 october 1999 , the national day common appearance of the 50 th anniversary of the large - scale military parade and the chinese army , navy , and air force , the second guns NULL bombs .
on some policy - related issues , it is necessary to strictly in accordance with the spirit of the central propaganda , to prevent " 刮风 . "
in fact , this is not what is unexpected , in the party have all along have failed to superpower . this is because the image of the card of his
we must resolutely safeguard the absolute leadership of the leadership of the party and opposition to deny the party over the armed forces in the name of the state . next year . the reunification of the world : what : china 's military spending will increase by a big margin it ?
in the war years , uphold the party 's absolute leadership over the armed forces , frequently , a large number of expression in the 南征北战 to fulfill the tasks of the party 's 武装斗争 , 浴血 struggle .
老同志 they said , the spirit of the study and comprehend " 1 july " speech is a major event of the whole party , as the responsibility of the concept of veteran comrades , we cannot retired party members , obligations cannot 丢 , we must conscientiously study and firmly support general secretary jiang zemin , general secretary of the " 1 july " important speech .
during the un general assembly in the autumn , and the united states has high - level meeting , powell has the invitation of foreign minister tang jiaxuan to visit washington after the meeting .
serious threat to the us economy is still facing a recession and the european economy is good , the japanese economy is poor .
since 1993 , i can gain a visa to visit the mainland .
this is the history of human civilization an important inspiration for the people .
although biden for taiwan 's democratization cheering , however , adhere to the interests of the united states .
decision on the inspection tour , it is necessary to pay close attention to the establishment of cadres recommendation , and discuss the responsibility system , and ensure that all of the " regulations stipulates , in terms of system to prevent and put a stop to unhealthy practice and corrupt personnel of the occurred .
, in the final analysis , the self - development and perfect the socialist system is a system innovation issue .
class - a war criminals are 阵亡 the far east international military tribunal for the verdict of the most heinous crimes during those war , and they are punishable by 绞刑 , or 自决 the author , absolutely cannot be treated in general .
second , adhere to marxism , we must given by its style and characteristics of the chinese nation , concentrated reflection of the chinese nation 's outstanding results of civilization and the practical experience of our party .
at the same time , 梗 development of the global economy counterparts in order . 2 . 贾义 and the development of socialism , and has provided a historic opportunity .
reporter : the revision of the " regulations " what kind of the new regulations in improving and perfecting the legal responsibility , and increase the intensity of punishment on illegal acts ?
practice has proven that china 's oil companies capable of 拿回 in overseas businesses , to the state 's share of oil , and we should increase its input in overseas , strive to raise the proportion of the share of oil in the import of oil . a relatively rapid
people cannot help but ask : lee teng - hui intends to what ?
the agreement reached by the united states and russia both sides have aroused widespread attention in the international community . however , the practical significance to the agreement , the parties concerned , however , there are different explanations .
the actual 工作量 a considerable observing the part of repeated unexpected eight times " 1 percent . " project , mankind gene implementing the group leader of the group - year plan , research fellow of the chinese 联系人 杨焕明 said .
i often with the leaders of the democratic parties hold discussions on some major issues .
prior to departure , " 出征 military personnel " to this , 死后 壮行 will again 灵牌 放回 here , has become a so - called " god of protecting the nation . "
all relevant that war of aggression , within the yasukuni shrine is " greater east asia war " and even 妄称 " greater east asia war " is a " jihad " the japanese army from under the rule of the white liberation of asian countries .
representatives of god 公明党 崎 武法 said that although the " it is paying homage to the regret prime minister , and avoid august 15 strong objections since the day the war was finally , but to escape the neighboring countries .
during world war ii , the japanese militarists trampled upon 大半个 asia , NULL the japanese militarists and blood debt owed numerous have caused untold disasters to the broad masses of the people .
sixth , rectify the printing industry .
in the course of new democracy 锩 蜕 of the socialist revolution 甯 on the islets NULL the history of development stage of the working class is always the leading class , and the broad masses of peasants , however , is always the allies should be the most reliable of the working class .
the police substation shanghai 虹桥 way , the police quickly rushed to the scene to deal with in a timely manner put a stop to the further development of the situation .
supplementary " he said , " the cpc central committee demanded that the prudent , 操之过急 but will bring many issues .
the number of propagation of a well - informed sources , member of the local added , supplement problems in decided , member of the political bureau of the beidaihe meeting 为难 .
the younger bush would not to persuade the elder bush announced that unilaterally withdraw from the balkans , we should more actively take part in the middle east affairs , to improve relations with the dprk , and resumed security dialogues between the two sides .
it is learned that the guidance of the " and put forward explicit requirements and regulations on commercial banks , commercial banks the supervision and management of offshore organizations , and the information exchanges and cooperation with foreign supervisory departments .
government officials , a wave of a wave of the NULL in the past , it seems that the vast sea is not see the border areas and tremendous 浪涛 寂静 in the sound of 划破 night , it is necessary to regard the surface to all 吞噬 .
this is an impassable " 红线 . "
after the cold war , the us policymakers have held that the challenges of the asia - pacific region will be in europe , therefore , we need to intensify input for the security of the asia - pacific region .
again for the deliberation of the draft law : prevent the draft of the draft revision of the draft desertification law of the criminal law 第三百四十二 第四百一十 the draft law for the prevention and treatment of occupational diseases use of the law on management of maritime space .
those in the past , due to domestic protection , to the cause of the ⒍系 was to stop the beginning of the domestic products , and will no longer be restricted .
the non - public - owned economy is actively force promoting china 's economic development and social progress .
in the period of economic growth has 渐变 过渡性 , it is not a stable and standardized and the mode of economic growth .
the source said : policy , the second half of further stimulate domestic demand , some time ago has had discussed at the beidaihe conference and become a decision - making .
china 's accession to the wto will come soon , taiwan businessmen expressed the hope that the beach landing sharing , the mainland market as 还魂 丹 , such a trend of recovery of taiwan 's economy will not have any change this is because chen shui - bian 's policy .
NULL pointed out : drug - related of human society .
tian zengpei said : china holds that the establishment of a non - nuclear zone is an effective way to prevent the proliferation of nuclear weapons .
tien hung - mao said that , in view of the attention of the united states by all countries in the un general assembly words and deeds , and it is expected that the us side that if a 沉默 to the case , will impact of britain , france , and other countries in the attitude of the united nations to the case .
foreign investment in china , and risk investment companies are basically to the traditional company investment , and directly set up a risk investment funds and operation conducted basically no .
under this is precisely the background , bush could not but to make some adjustment , some become a pragmatic . some foreign policy
china has left over from the old china trouble with most neighboring countries , has drawn up by the border .
