second , comprehensive management .
under such a background , china must merge with the world economy , it is necessary to speed up the development of high - tech industries , enhance their comprehensive national strength and the improvement of this industry position in the international division of labor .
article 20 the people 's bank of china the establishment of the renminbi issuance and set up in the branches of the branch and are responsible for were assigned to the renminbi issuance funds .
in the beginning of the the new millennium , all walks of life on this will gather in open up the new ideas , described as the the trend of world development of the new century the new blueprint .
people are worried that is the spacecraft the rocket 头顶 .
事在人为 , china 's manned spaceflight it is necessary to follow the the first time .
however , many the development of scientists and editing personnel have increasingly felt china 's scientific and technical periodicals far behind the the development of china 's science and technology .
from the middle east to the balkans , in somalia to afghanistan , it has almost no one day busy themselves not meddle in others ' affairs , there is no a war . years are not interfere in other countries '
last year , according to a briefing , the cppcc national committee , domestically and overseas chinese committee taiwan will work as the focus of work .
the vast number of developing countries also realize that only through participation and cooperation can we gradually change the irrational and unfair international economic order and one of the important reason for this is precisely a large number of developing countries 's accession to the wto .
( 第四十一 no. ) zhu bangzao talk about sino - russian military cooperation " beijing , 15 feb - - " - - foreign ministry spokesman zhu bangzao said here today said , china and russia military cooperation is aimed at enhance our sense of national defense , safeguarding 's sovereignty and territorial integrity .
in 1995 , the european union executive board meeting said that in the " leading to the european security policy in 2000 " report on the the common security and foreign policies , the european union the establishment of a the european collective security mechanism should be taken as the goal .
tang yao - ming : i fully grasped the the movements of the communist troops 王炯华 . the taipei telecom
at present , the level of the yuan exchange rate more in line with the at present , the domestic economic structure and the inflation of the domestic sustained decline , and the renminbi at home and appreciation pressure rate has yielded underestimate the foreign also exist in reality .
法马通 company 一九九九年六月 , sichuan chemical 机械厂 and french cooperation , 百万千瓦 level large pressure on the water reactor nuclear power 厂主 channel officially products production , and was completed in january this year .
tunisia highly praised the leaders of china 's domestic and foreign policies , and pursue and deeply admired china 's achievements in economic and social development .
comprehensively practice is bound to promote china 's all - round reform .
xiao yang , president of the supreme people 's court , and the central political and legal affairs committee , the supreme people 's court , the people 's daily news agency , and relevant leading comrades of the central people 's radio , ribao of the legal system 社 of the central television station attended the forum .
the future of taiwan only a is moving toward with the mainland of the motherland 's reunification , but never to split .
shi guangsheng expressed his thanks for this .
wu bangguo said : the beijing international highway 接力赛 held make contributions to deepen friendly exchanges and sports exchange of sino - japanese friendship of the people , developing countries in the world . over the past 15 years
the white paper also pointed out that the practice of " one country , two systems " in taiwan , can be more relaxed than hong kong and macao .
wang shaohong in march 1997 went to the point by the people , based on the original purpose of 强身 becoming healthy .
in the face of the structure of agriculture and the rural economy , the strategic readjustment of must change as soon as possible at present , there are ideological concepts the quality of the methods of leadership and cadres and the masses , and structural adjustments does not meet the a great change . from the way of thinking in work methods
in addition , wang yi and le cong phung the annual consultations , foreign affairs and exchanged opinions on the two sides international and regional issues of common concern .
this decision , although the road of reunification of the country 总会 the difficulties and obstacles and , but make any attempt to separate taiwan from china are all doomed to failure .
we believe and hope that the choosing peaceful reunification between the two sides of the taiwan compatriots , will be able to see through the lies , and 辨明 真伪 , and make a wise choice .
the the separation of government and is a major themes of the reform of state - owned enterprises .
on 24 february , li peng made a speech at the the meeting of the leading cadres zhangjiagang city " three stresses " education .
the motions committee members 1,756 , 795% . percent of the total number of committee members
after listening to the reports , general secretary jiang zemin , general secretary of the rapid development of the company satisfied with the 点头 .
the work of strengthening and improving education , not only school education departments , and families and society in various areas should together with the concern and support .
in the near future a research report international organizations shows that the international of china 's science and technology competitiveness ranking drop by a big margin , ranking moderately 偏下 , has aroused the people of insight attention .
the " speech , 好似 响雷 shocked china , to put forward the requirement of the education of party committees and government at all levels .
it is necessary to resolve these problems , must mobilize school , family , and even the common efforts of the entire society , we will be able good results .
no one can correctly understand and solve the issue of mankind , no one will be able to seize the opportunity , 争得 advantages , and advance ahead of the world ahead .
this has decided to the provisions the establishment of the state council 's national people 's congress standing committee for national economic and social development - year plan , and the draft of the long - term plan , it should be held in the national people 's congress a month ago , and submitted five - year plan .
some western countries another " human rights are above sovereignty " argument is the value of the people higher than that of the value of the country .
how to resolve the taiwan issue , completed the great cause of china 's reunification , their own affairs of the chinese people , the us anti - china politicians will not underestimating the the chinese people 's determination and capability to safeguard state sovereignty and territorial integrity .
robinson expressed gratitude to the china 's current human rights seminar , and said that the meeting was very successful - - will be conducive to strengthening on the human rights issue between the asia - pacific countries exchanges and cooperation .
the united states this position , is completely violated the international law and principles of the three sino - us joint communiques , and but also violated china 's sovereignty and territorial integrity .
first of all , he reviewed the the cppcc work . over the past year since
chaired by li ruihuan , chairman of the , first of all the meeting examined and adopted a cppcc national committee of the ninth national committee of the third session of the agenda .
to listen to the views of the deputies and committee members , the leader of the state council , and ministries and commissions leaders of the be so as to enhance the administrative efficiency and quality .
with the the development of the reform and opening up , and socialist modernization , the people 's congress system will more and more and more and give play to their an important role .
further speed up the the construction of infrastructure , and effectively strengthen the building of the ecological environment , actively readjust the industrial structure vigorously developing science and technology , and education , constantly increase the intensity of reform and opening up .
丁佩玲 put forward by the deputies to improve school education , reducing the burden on students three - point proposal : effectively change their concepts , establish the education ; strengthen the research on education , reform the teaching , and strengthen the building of the contingent of teachers and strive to raise the the quality of the teachers .
the west - east gas , and lanzhou to oil chengdu , the burden is heavy and the beijing - 高速铁路 , guangxi , and the asia - pacific 海缆 龙滩 small hydropower stations and projects , it is necessary to speed up the the early years of the progress of the work .
it is necessary to inspect the implementation of the party 's line , principles , and policies and resolution , promptly exposed and the investigation and handling of serious violation of political discipline .
zeng peiyan said : through the china electric power supply in five - year plan , the construction of power , the tense situation eased somewhat .
in addition , , 国防费 expenditures increased or 12.7 percent .
xu shanlin said , we are not put forward 轻率 this bill , in addition to in light of the successful experiences of foreign countries , china now has a good environment of legislation .
; ideological and cultural exchanges and the development of science and with each passing day in today 's world 激荡 each other .
this 涉及到 the vital interests of many workers and staff members , all localities we must conscientiously implement the the relevant state policies and regulations , and must properly resettle the workers and staff members , needed capital it is necessary to promptly put in place .
should be guided by the market , so as to benefit the leading to cultivate and develop industries , the economic superiority in beijing 's suburbs .
said that according to the 马力 of the hong kong npc deputies president jiang zemin is after the views of the delegates begin his speech .
due to the the tariff system of our country ③ do not have also improved therefore , high tariffs in the name on china 's domestic economy role in protecting is limited , in 1998 china 's actual tariffs only 7.9% .
opposing corruption and also must start from strengthen strict management .
various aspects of the hong kong people should safeguard the authority of the chief executive rally around the chief executive , and ensure the special administrative region in line with the basic law administration .
for example , , export increase labor - intensive products operations , will provide the domestic a large number of job opportunities .
the scale of production or technological quality , whether it is the management and operation or the level of their products , whether it is the contingent of entrepreneurs or the quality of workers , the gap . with advanced international level
many deputies and cppcc members pointed out that jiang zemin and other central committee political bureau standing committee of the grassroots level , take the lead in carrying out mobilization the " three stresses " education , it is encouraging . in the county level
李浩 , anhui said : this year 's " two high " report on the outstanding the number of guilty not go unpunished , and judgments made by unfair , 超期 detention , and other issues , and announced on file for investigation 贪赃枉法 suspected crimes by judicial personnel of the masses resent the most .
a distance of 鬯 , some 褚獠验 shows that the the hong kong people support of the national people 's congress standing committee , explained the basic law .
today , at the turn of the cppcc national committee held the third session of the ninth NULL .
envoys of various countries NULL invited to the closing session will .
in the combination of 1000年 , china on 北宋 period , the level of productive forces , and other thinking of science and technology , culture , and many other aspects have lead in the world .
in terms of military capability , the us military has become a full hong kong and modern technology and information industry the units of large - scale use of information technology .
the state council office of the poor last year , a row organized a training class at the county level cadres and seven a large - scale concentrated training for the 592 the state 's key to support the poverty - stricken counties more than 1,400 cadres at the county level .
in particular , china 's economic and social will be more closely has become even more complicated , and outside world china 's wto entry will open shortly , this has put forward the new requirements and tests . the government 's management ability
" shu shengyou 王明善 , and li yanling , and 刘炎玲 represents gave a speech at the meeting .
by that time , the international community will how to protect china 's sovereignty and territorial integrity , the chinese government will resort in whatever means to safeguard its sovereignty and territorial integrity ?
however , now reached the the choice of the congress a number of isolationism want to make open the door to china 关上 , and is a choice of isolation or joint ?
it is necessary to accelerate the economic structure , and the strategic readjustment of improve the overall quality of the national economy .
continue to implement a the positive financial policy , promote investment demand a relatively rapid growth , encourage and guide consumption .
tang shubei said : early date is not reunification or 晚点 reunification issue , the two sides of the strait at present , , but the end , taiwan will move toward the issue of " taiwan independence " . answering a reporter 's question on the the arats held a news conference this morning
it is necessary to focus on the overall situation , guard against the one - sided , are linked to the masses , and 力戒 官僚 and seeking truth from innovation , 力戒 dogmatic , respect the law and guard against blindly truth and 实干 and guard against 空谈 .
responsible persons of the said : the " law of the people 's bank of china the implementation of the over the past five years , the central bank of china according to law formulation and implementation of the monetary policy level and the sense of , financial supervision and control capability further strengthened .
in addition , the two sides to " peace " the word understanding , some differences , threaten you because you cannot imagine that a person said : you reunification , i it is necessary to you methods , and said that this is peaceful reunification .
this point , the leaders of the a very clear , and i resolutely support the chinese leaders this proposal . as a elements of the chinese people ,
china 's large people , the development of the productive forces relatively backward , regional development is unbalanced , it is necessary to achieve with a period of time pace as the prosperity .
under the this backdrop of the countries , to split and seeking close cooperation , and a country 's internal between china and the countries is obviously there are against the historical trend .
the evaluation , different categories , reorganization , auction sale of , the first to receive the bad assets of financial institutions , and then adopt by means of investment banks through 折价 purchase and other means to sort out the these assets this company was established in 1989年8月 successfully resolved the the issue of large - scale bad assets .
if there are any people , dare to split the country , and dare together with foreign forces to engage in " taiwan independence , " in an attempt to turn from taiwan from china 's territory , it means war .
therefore , , whether or not to recognize the one - china principle is that the touchstone for testing the negotiations side and whether sincerity , whether or not willing to the state 's peaceful reunification .
beijing , 21 mar - - state - owned enterprises 监事会 暂行条例 the first time in order to improve the supervision mechanisms of state - owned enterprises , strengthen the supervision of the state - owned enterprises , formulating the regulations .
president sassou to have the opportunity to meet with chairman li peng and his wife said he was very pleased .
the " taiwan independence " forces 拥兵 自重 , defense the area of defense and the goal of the main island of taiwan , and islands rather , many scattered defense relatively complicated .
in the face of such a situation , we must not 等闲视之 .
at the meeting , the central propaganda department , liu peng , deputy director of the made arrangements in - depth propaganda the " decision , zhang weiqing , minister of the state family planning commission on implementing the spirit of the " decision , put forward the requirements of the population and family planning work . further pay close attention to do a good job
the east china sea university professor 谢渝生 said in his speech , " democracy , " it advertised , declaring that lee teng - hui should follow the the practice of " democracy . "
he held that the taiwan people support should be handled the one - china principle cross - strait relations .
the prohibition of the pier set up in the category 装卸 garbage , oil , and other toxic and harmful in this life 饮用水 the conservation of water resources protection zones .
this is the nanjing military region to the two scene of a certain base 船运 unit of the shanghai stock exchange is the implementation of the training of new subjects .
in the economies of various countries will become closer and mutual trust , economic globalization is speeding up the development of the two sides , the more necessary to strengthen exchanges and cooperation , so that the two countries has become good friends , good neighbors and good partners .
according to the the norms of international law , syria with the two countries will jointly enjoy tiberias lake of water resources .
with a lot of launching the use of cruise missiles , and 防区 precision guidance and ammunition to implement a long - distance the " non - contact the nature of the war " air attack precision , is now become the main combat pattern of modern warfare .
according to statistics , in 1990 to 1998 , foreign the export of china 's high - tech to increase of nearly 500% .
why do now in this way to do now did not directly face the 烁烁 游游 this move ?
these enterprises state - owned enterprises to market a successful .
it is necessary to guide cadres and the masses through this activities , direction , conviction , the cohesion and combat strength .
under the conditions of the system of registering , and personal income lack of in compact communities accounts , it is difficult to statistics and taxation .
elmer fung also said that chen yunlin pointed out that the leaders of the chinese communists have always speech , never said : according to the the " one china " is that " the people 's republic . " he said chen shui - bian 's inaugural speech can have , china and the three choices :
however , we also soberly realize that practice , there are still many issues .
laws formulated by : " human is being sealed up at the the people of mechanical to restrictions and people .
几首 歪诗 , and the power of the mind cannot be contained desire to this point , read read li hongzhi all too clear .
the long - term development of china 's mineral resources , has established a heilongjiang , including the daqing , 鞍山 liaoning and fushun 攀枝花 , sichuan , and other more than 300 based on the mining industry in cities and towns .
hu jintao emphasized that the chinese party and government has always been extremely treasure the the traditional prc - dprk friendship , and will , as always , to consolidate and develop the unremitting efforts of the prc - dprk friendship and cooperation .
we highly appreciate .
in conclusion , lamy in the negotiations reiterated the eu commitment - - support china 's accession to the WTO. as soon as possible
the actual situation into consideration because of various reasons for the part of the depositors should not to personally financial institutions in handling deposit , " the real - name system of individual deposit accounts " lays down acting savings system .
the ideological and political work is our party 's fine tradition and political superiority .
within the kmt , he played 权术 tricks , squeeze out the long afterward , 顺我者昌 , 逆我者亡 .
he pointed out that new problems , it is necessary to meet the new situation and the emergence of social development , the revision of the law and formulating laws in the as an important position .
although the broad prospects of e - commerce , however , the development of e - commerce a huge systematic project , china under the the degree of information industry is relatively low , and other factors restricting the the development of e - commerce it is more 艰巨性 the long - term and complicated .
to submit false documents or take other means of fraudulent fraud registered , once discovered the industrial and commercial administrative organs immediately should be punished , until 吊销 business license .
in the issue of " one china " principle , chief executive of the hong kong people support the stance of the .
lee teng - hui was in office for more than 10 years , is basically a process of practicing separatism and " taiwan independence " .
wu bangguo stressed : it is necessary to strictly investigate and handle and promptly various accidents , and comprehensively implement the responsibility system . according to law
we believe that there will be the more taiwan compatriots investment in the mainland of the motherland , and to carry out economic exchanges and cooperation .
the thinking of the source , , there is still a establish the NULL thinking , handling , and the issue of safeguarding good two overall situations .
as everyone knows , and there is only one china , and taiwan is an inalienable part of chinese territory .
attending the training first political commissar of the generally feel that after the the adjustment and reform , the work standards of reserve units a high 担子 , the pressure of a is facing an urgent task of how to carry out new knowledge 补差 training .
focusing on the the enterprise personnel , labor , distribution system reform , the purpose of the internal reform of enterprises the formation of workers and staff members will advance , and management personnel 能上能下 , the income can be out of the can enhance be able to reduce mechanism .
the taiwan compatriots NULL 迁徙 from the mainland to taiwan , use on the same , language , taiwan compatriots in the mainland have blood relatives , and every year , quite a number of taiwan compatriots it is also necessary to fujian 拜 the common ancestors memorial mazu , to 黄帝陵 拜 memorial the chinese nation .
in fact , the problem is not then 简单 .
we hope that the promoting the mutually beneficial cooperation between the two countries with the joint efforts of the new in in the new century made in continuously updated even greater development .
to legitimate religious activities , should protect according to law ; it is necessary to resolutely crack down on the evil cult that causes disasters to ban in accordance with law .
the chinese government a consistently to uphold the principle of peaceful reunification , said : to the taiwan compatriots the greatest sincerity and hope .
foreign minister david levy and the sharon welcome president jiang zemin 's state visit to israel and expressed the belief that this visit is bound to the development of relations between the two countries with the new driving force .
therefore , under the the un approval and leaders at all beyond the state sovereignty in the contemporary world , safeguarding human rights action can only be or in member states within the regional and international organizations .
in fact , the colonialist mentality of extreme nationalism elements , ishihara 's any tendency , 仇视 the ugly nature of china , the dprk and the rok the three countries people , have long fully exposed in the face of the people of the world .
judging by the situation of three months use of foreign capital the momentum , and the utilization of foreign capital has a month in china .
the united states has always under the pretext of human rights accusing the vast number of developing countries , china is one of the victims .
the impact of these interest groups to congress force the us congress and government for bargaining , to reflect the viewpoint of the interests of some groups , some public opinion and some media .
if we do not put forward by the clinton administration the issue of china 's human rights , the republican party will to this issue , in order to criticize the democratic party .
in addition , some cadres lost principle and lower levels of leadership 眼色 taking actions , 投其所好 , objectively speaking will encourage the corrupt behavior .
albright was during the visit achieved the point that surprising . to deeply of interfering in other countries ' internal affairs
our two countries can cooperate in carrying out cooperation in many fields , such for south africa 's development and progress is the utmost importance .
he also made it clear to uphold the one - china principle , 给与 the chinese side valuable support on various occasions expressed his thanks for this . to the south african government
although sino - south african diplomatic relations between time not long , however , since the establishment of diplomatic relations the development of bilateral relations very quickly , potential for cooperation between the two sides the specific cooperative achievements . are into the
talking about the the result of the vote , he said : although the us congress of the vote the number of votes it is estimated that he will be very close he expressed the belief that the final result will be the " through smoothly . "
we cannot enjoy old - age , unemployment insurance enterprises , collective workers and staff members can also entered the residents ' minimum subsistence support line .
he said : the most the 1.2 billion chinese people china 's human rights situation in china have the right to speak .
he also answered a reporter 's question . on the foreign ministers of the dprk 's visit to china , and the situation on the korean peninsula
the arats has your view ? the personnel arrangements of the new taiwan " cabinet "
what is the activities of study the study and enthusiasm , young officers and soldiers in from cities to the border areas , 座 the barracks from the academies and schools to the company , and the republic of unprecedented louder , in the ascendant .
the quality of the officers and men the gap between the and historical reasons , the cause of the society , however , the root cause of also lies in our the minds of some leaders not truly establish in keeping with the military struggle preparation for ideas and concepts .
in particular , it should be pointed out that in their best to expand its military strength at the same time , the japanese militarist forces increasingly arrogant .
actively support and development of electronic technology industries , technology and biological and pharmaceutical industry , and new materials industry , and maritime technology industries , and environmental protection technology industry , and other high - tech industries .
we should give full play to the role of the association and the chamber of commerce .
reform means , intensify teaching methods .
in launching this drive , all localities should integrate the building of the " drug - free communities " activities , further carry out in - depth the anti - drug propaganda and education work .
these views and are a guiding significance . the party history research and even all the history of scientific research ,
the unchecked spread of pirated publications , and has seriously hurt scientists , artists , and the innovation of the authors and all kinds of copyright enthusiasm in terms of overall quality of the nation and improve and progress .
therefore , it is out of chen shui - bian a few areas personal belief and the political operation within the island of taiwan , and some media 's attitude and policy of the united states and other reasons .
the advanced nature of the party determines the advanced nature of our army .
ishihara has all along advocated to split china , uttering frenzied china should be split into a the six countries .
this satellite station formally put into operation , it is expected that in july next year .
zhang qiyue pointed out that the chinese side has always maintained that the the " peaceful coexistence , " is to guide 基本原则 most of the development of relations between the two countries .
therefore , at present , great efforts should be made to promote doing ideological and political work in the leading cadres .
some some comrades held that in wartime joint logistics to go before . of the pre - war period ,
the experts and scholars stressed that peace is the the fundamental interests of the people on both sides , but NULL peace must be china 's reunification .
on the contrary , with bureau is narrow in an isolated island , 偏安 the issue of view , 终非 last long .
the grain production structure readjustment of the is the focus of the adjustment of agricultural structure .
should have to 屠宰税 养猪 collection , the number of townships and towns the collection of , following the peasants ' according to the people said that 猪头 : " tax " has become " 人头税 . "
ninth , cultural , educational exchanges and improve the quality is the 21 st century , intellectual , and talent is the largest resources the key factor for the development of the country .
third , the wake of the the development of the social and economic development and the improvement of the living standards of the people , insurance industry the status quo far from meeting the a diversified needs of insurance .
the fundamental prerequisite for a country to bring about human rights sovereignty , observe the principle of equality of sovereignty and noninterference in internal affairs the major cornerstone of the ensure the healthy development of international human rights cause .
retrogression there is no way out .
a political commentator , the commentator 求教 reporter said : " if a clear understanding of the the nature , large - scale not necessary and 一般见识 . "
the police high - level also stepping up their patrol all as targets by the terrorist organizations , in addition to every two patrol a time , 通令 officers to the scene of the situation report to the higher authorities .
, annan has proposed " the civilian community " and the united nations link , it is necessary to attach importance to and give play to their non - government the role of international organization in handling international affairs , stressed : the role of the people and non - government organizations , and other non - national organization .
this is why ? fairly familiar with the taiwan compatriots said : it is impossible to really use force .
this shows that we are under the concept of china , under the the premise of one china looking back on the in the past 20 - odd years , the relations between the two sides still have achieved very large - scale development of in many fields relatively 易於 the same , communication , but also in the the people 's demand and promote , and have embarked on the road .
for a long time taiwan 's trade exports mainly concentrated in the the united states , the us trade surplus long remained high therefore , the united states continually using putting pressure on taiwan , " 301 " forced by a big margin , the new appreciation .
the most important is the firm ideals and convictions , leading cadres 带头 practice the " three represents " important thinking of the the chinese characteristics common ideal of socialism and realize 远大 the goal of communism and beliefs as a life unchanged and pursuit of the building .
the result of shows that tung chee - hwa 's popularity those who are eager 跌至 by in march 五十九点一 , 五十二点九 , the first quarter was as high as an unprecedented 六点二 , for he 最低 . since he assumed office
if the this 大节 , but only resolve some minor NULL to expand the space for survival . as a result is just like before 南辕北辙 , the opposite .
the chinese people 's bank of china president dai xianglong , liu mingkang , and , chairman of the china securities regulatory commission china 's insurance 马永伟 chairman of the as the main theme speeches one after another .
however , since 1992 , the central authorities to deploy 29 ministries and commissions of the state and 22 provinces and municipalities would provide counterpart support of the three gorges reservoir region every year , the reservoir area have provide counterpart support of a huge amount of funds inflow .
this is the natural world , and 人世间 the general laws .
the focus on non - barriers , animal and plant quarantine differences in particular , to give rise to trade disputes in the past .
these erroneous trends , and non - proletarian thoughts and influence cannot 小看 .
as long as 各方面 continue to conscientiously implement the the central authorities ' policy decisions and deployment of the national economy will be able to maintain a good momentum of development .
this is the a red army regiment .
the harbin industrial university founded 一九二零年 , zhang xueliang larry the university .
the wake of the economic development , and improve the living standards of the people , the demand for using - - will also constantly increased .
the two sides are satisfied with the in a period of the two countries cooperation in various fields , and said he will promote the two countries ' strategic cooperative partnership in the new century .
in addition , she said when answering a question on a reporter 's question china 's news of sri lanka minister of industry and are shocking .
the air 海航 party committee decided to implement in a certain organizations the strategic policy for the implementation of the central military commission of science and technology strengthening the army with science and technology and education and training , enhance the naval air force 's long - range combat capability the training by oil .
the province will the organization of a number of key and backbone projects of the people 's air - defense , the double civil air defense engineering the total number of .
it is necessary to step up the existing water resources and management , highlight key points and rationally control , and science of water .
li hongzhi to control in the spirit of the " falungong " practitioners , 顾惜 their health and life , not fully shows that the evil nature of " falungong " not a healthy , and disregard life .
he reiterated that the the fry assembly adhere to the one - china principle , spoke highly of the the chinese government 's principled stand on resolving the taiwan issue , and policies .
although however , china 's territory and sovereignty has not divided , the strait has not yet been cross - strait reunification , is still a the chinese .
li peng briefly introduced the relationship between building socialism with chinese characteristics an important experience , stressed that china 's reform and opening up , and economic construction , it is necessary to correctly handle reform , development , and stability .
they are 好儿女 of the chinese people , the pride of the chinese press , we should turn grief into strength to make a good job in their own of the motherland . "
with the us - led nato years ago launched today , we again review and some will be even more profound enlightenment . the kosovo war ,
the anti - missile defense plan of the western allies of the united states for the united states the first expressed his support , on the contrary , in the public speech or consultations under will , they have to the united states to develop and deploy this system has expressed serious concern .
ladies and gentlemen : along with the the arrival of the new century , china 's the new stage of development will enter a building a well - off society and striving to basically achieve modernization .
according to reports , kim chong - il said : the current summit " created a very good precedent .
however , the technological progress have yet to become the main driving force of increase in productivity .
syria 's economic foundation , 薄弱 natural resources in shortage .
after arriving in northern shaanxi all the decision , he resolutely support comrade mao zedong 's correct leadership and consciously safeguard the cpc central committee 's authority , and an example in carrying out the party , the party central committee and the army of the red on the one hand the main force of the long march a great deal of work . to strengthen the unity of the red army 's internal
in late may the book of lee teng - hui 's " proposal " taiwan publishing , preached the " two - state theory . "
the are the kunlun mountains , 阿尔泰山 is the sources of water .
尔后 science and technology , modern and contemporary with countless facts have the irrefutable truth .
this is a not very easy for judging the end should be prepared to go about ?
wen jiabao pointed out that the flood has always been serious 大患 impact on china 's economic and social development and the people 's livelihood and drought the influence of agricultural production it is particularly prominent .
the editor 's note : great importance to ideological and political construction is the unique advantage of our party and military .
the development of sino - slovak relations is one of the key points of the slovak foreign policy .
we affirmed and expressed appreciation .
the relationship between corrupt elements within the although accounted for only a very small number of , however , they have seriously tarnished the image of the party and the government in the course of the masses , and the impact of the party and the government and the masses , has undermined the the overall situation of reform , development , and stability .
a few days ago , the state administration of industry and commerce , made all - round arrangements , centralized and unified action , and severely crack down on pyramid marketing and covert pyramid scheme activities . a nationwide
britain for example , because legal loopholes , 58 偷渡 惨死 case with the people - scale smuggling to enter the situation of the british more and more serious .
林默 木排 sea - crossing refugees to settle down in penghu 谋生 .
for example , , a enterprises is exactly a the export of products , or the export of capital and is will be determined to the interests of the enterprises themselves choice , if enterprises in domestic operation , 那麽它 not necessarily 非要 the " going out , " and " going out " is a choice of interests , and not to " go out " and " going out . "
experts believe that china needs to be the anti - monopoly law , is 大多数人 , including the consensus of the government .
at the same time , china opposes the official figures of all countries and regions and met with at the invitation of any name the dalai lama , they provided for .
it is learned that this exercise a part of china and the united states will be held in the pacific region this year a series of military exercise .
the military education and without gun smoke there are many NULL generate resonance . "
kostov expressed a warm welcome to the visit to bulgaria NULL .
development is the last word , china 's key to resolving all problems to rely on its own development .
during the cold war , the world situation form a the east and the two camps .
his current 's visit to north will become exchanges and cooperation between the north and the south of the korean peninsula peace , and achieve the reunification of the motherland on the first , if he felt very gratifying .
although after the end of the cold war , the world situation as a whole toward relaxation , however , local wars and regional conflicts constantly upgrading .
the deployment of up to the end and selling is what medicine ?
the " opinions " pointed out that the the development of the building of the armed forces , took part in and support of the western region is a long - term strategic task .
from the whole party 's history , in this way the following experience should be attached great importance to : a political party on whether or not of the nature of the party , first of all , it is necessary to see its program and its members .
fulfill these tasks are inseparable from a scientific development and progress .
the the money diplomacy " of the " are the imported is without a solid .
it was shocked by the short period of the three months , death in more than 30 the explosion 江门 it was 痛惜 .
at the same time , china , kyrgyzstan , and tajikistan heads of state of will sign a joint the three countries on the boundary between border point agreement .
the economic cooperation between tajikistan and china have a great potential .
small cities and towns a product of economic and social development , do a good job the construction of small cities and towns also conducive to economic and social development .
our party from the people of the people , and 植根于 .
karimov said he often recalled his his meeting with president jiang zemin 's visit to china last year .
so long as they recognize one china , we welcome to all .
of course , what did not a horrible .
on the morning of 6 september president jiang zemin presented a wreath to 卫国 war heroic the monument , accompanied by president niyazov , and they visited 中立 departments .
in this is a barbaric act by the us - led nato 罪证 , before the people of the whole world exposed their essence of hegemonism .
once some of the six countries leaders and members in recent years visit in china , and hopes to further expand the exchanges and mutual visits in the future , they spoke highly of china 's political stability , economic development , national unity , the situation the people understand china .
a new enhance the level of the situation of the budget management of various departments of the state council has turn for the better , public finances according to law .
it is necessary to the balance of payments situation of the budget units to comprehensively sort out formulation of reasonable all departments 定员 , and the funds for fixed standards , to provide , and lay a good foundation for the reform of the work of drawing up the budget . drawing up the budget examination budget execution of the
we have rich natural and human resources , we will be able to successfully their own country .
however , we must recognize , and the return of " one country , two systems " the new things , there is no precedent 可循 , one cannot 蹴 that is , not followed a tortuous paths not pay tuition fees , " impossible .
at present , the united states has completely the progress made by the international disarmament and arms control revision of the " anti - ballistic missile treaty , and dangerous . this will make the process of international disarmament and arms control irreversible , bent on the development and deployment of a missile defense system ,
to strengthen the building of the spiritual civilization in the new situation , must do a good job this important link in the community . through in - depth of building civilized in community activities , the building of the spiritual civilization in the course of all the grass - roots organizations .
therefore , it is necessary to pay attention to strengthen the supervision of judges and procurators , set up internal restraint the effective mechanism for corruption . when the revision of
the premier zhu and his entourage is on the evening of arrived here after successfully concluding an official visit to italy , belgium , and the eu headquarters in here on an official visit .
the forum was presided over by the ministry of science and technology minister zhu lilan .
it is learned that the several arms manufacturers of the united states will share the business of $ 60 billion arms .
he stressed that the principal responsible persons of all localities and departments we should personally personally , organize general inspection work deployment in command and in charge of the leadership of the should be responsible for in charge of the region and the examination results of industry .
to it is necessary to carry out severe punishment to the use of child labor , and in particular , to as a result of children casualties among enterprises , units , and the number of individual , should be more severe punishment according to law .
however , explicitly will be extended to the " the loyal representative of the " one the three " faithfully represents , " and alongside the " three faithful representative of the " put forward a this is also the first time in the history of party - building theory of marxism . first , not only in the course of our party 's historical document
the historical theme of this stage , is to resolve how from new democracy to socialism , and the building of what kind of the two issues of socialism .
examining this period in history . will enable us to understand more " the importance of three represents " put forward by .
the strong desire to visit to countries and the european union 表示出 further expand the financial and economic and trade cooperation with china .
- - increasing mutual understanding and expanding consensus .
on china 's economic to the business circles as well as answering a question , constantly warm applause . in a
the development of sino - eu relations is one of the key points of china 's foreign policy .
xu kuangdi briefed the united states guests on shanghai 's economic and social development in the near future .
these good experiences , the new realm , we open up the reform of the personnel system relating to cadres to open up a new situation , achieving a new breakthrough in a solid foundation .
at the same time the attempt in the international community , the " falungong " in an attempt to 仰仗 the hostile forces in the west pressure on also met with a heavy blow .
the quality of bilateral economic and trade cooperation in gradually improved . the two countries has already started in energy , microelectronic , communication , 商品流通 , and other fields some large cooperation projects .
when a small number of soccer fans to make trouble , it is necessary to deal with and resolutely put a stop to rapidly . according to law
after the end of the cold war russia 只顾 the development of relations with the rok , the russia - dprk relations annual planned to bottom , the deterioration of the russian economy , aid to the dprk , russia 's influence continually declining .
at present , the three - month in 2000 , the second anti - smuggling special action began in april is in fujian .
the direct battlefield of the gulf war iraq and kuwait region , however , the influence of the war has expanded arab region as a whole , war suffered from all the people in the region .
the cooperation in all fields , strengthen russia attaches great importance to relations with china development high - level believe that the two sides is entirely capable of promoting economic and trade relations between the two countries even greater development .
zhu bangzao did the above remarks . when answering they relevant issues
time was initiative . " report rapidly all units now position . "
at the end of june solely state - owned commercial banks 超额 the reserve funds for the rate of seven times ? 8 percent , and other commercial banks the reserve funds for 超额 rate 19 ? 1 percent of all , maintain the ability to pay high .
七月一日 , hsieh chang - ting publicly expressed " to the taiwan media the foundation has not taiwan and the mainland are the same country is still territory change " and " the xiamen and kaohsiung should be belong to the same country relations . "
and the trip to on 20 january , 18 jul .
if in other countries is willing to provide 推进器 the rocket , to the dprk even the dprk is willing to fully take advantage of the foreign technology the research of peace in the universe .
the almost all his turn for the better , is the result of medical treatment .
六月二十七日 , hsieh chang - ting again expressed to the taiwan media it is necessary to visit xiamen wishes .
tang jiaxuan said : as the two largest developing countries in the world , we have not only share similar historical china and india experiences , and both shoulder the common task of development of the economy and improving the people 's living standards .
however , when an underground gambling house public security , have long 人去楼空 .
骗子 说谎 cannot but , when swindlers 一本正经 弥天大谎 , kindhearted people always been confused .
after two years of efforts , and difficulty - relief work important progress , more than half of the the work of state - owned enterprises and trades from difficulties the large - scale this regard .
" it is necessary to the precipice ! "
the the development of cross - strait relations under the one - china principle , is the urgent wish of the entire chinese people , including taiwan compatriots , and is also an irreversible historical trend .
葛连成 to crack down on the tremendous achievements made in the smuggling , china has the party central committee and the state council 's policy severely crack down on smuggling . the implementation of
the belarussian side thanked the chinese side 's consistent and valuable support on the issue of taiwan , human rights .
marx pointed out that : " the dominant ideology is but the dominant material relationships in the conceptual manifestation . "
the united states people to fight a war modern high - tech war , we need to have powerful economic strength as a guarantee .
jiang zemin said : not long ago , the united states , palestine and israel of the three parties on the final status of palestine the camp david talks did not reach an agreement , we are deeply regret . this
in february this year , russia and the dprk , the two sides formally signed the " dprk - russian treaty on friendly and good - neighborly cooperation , using signed in 1961 in 1995 , abolishing the sino - soviet - dprk treaty of friendship and cooperation , and mutual assistance . in pyongyang
we highly the rio group played a positive role in regional and international affairs .
the corrosion , we must always use the " three represents " unify our thinking , enhance our understanding , and resolutely resist various erroneous ideological trends unswervingly maintain the party 's absolute leadership over the armed forces will always be loyal to the party the people , and to the country and to socialism .
" a person , painting that will find it hard to NULL . "
the 20 th century in the 后半 , economic globalization to the people unforeseeable and an unprecedented speed promote the rapid economic exchanges of state - to - state and the dependence become more and more important .
economic globalization , including trade liberalization , production of integration , and financial internationalization .
from their strategic analysis , the so - called " fighting a decisive battle offshore , " is to take the battlefield to the west , from the main island of taiwan to the dividing line of the taiwan strait , even onto the mainland 's interior .
after chen shui - bian 's election has proposed that is the topic of " one china in his inaugural speech , " and then again put forward the " in the future one china is " and to recently appeared the " spirit of ' 92 . "
renmin ribao internet edition the financial , 文娱 , and healthy , viewpoints , and other channels .
he stressed : the one - china is the issue of principle , we will never make concessions .
not long ago we have to the united states to carry out a one - week visit , the personal feelings .
in addition , some taiwan 's financial groups crisis , also affected the confidence of investors .
chen shui - bian took office on 20 may openly declared that " there is no the issue of abolishing the guidelines and the national unification council . "
first , the performance on the eve of the united nations millennium summit , the un general assembly hall in new york . the first time the united states . the mainland performance of small and medium - sized cities with the national level of china 's literature and art groups to 圣路易斯 , the indian 纳波利斯 , and other
jiang zemin said : although china and samoa are not entirely the same far apart , social systems and level of development of the , and cultural traditions are worlds , with developing countries in the asia - pacific region , both shoulder the task of safeguarding national sovereignty and territorial integrity , developing the economy , and improving the living standards of the people .
he said : the current tax collection and management law by means of law enforcement administration of taxation organs .
in the international and regional affairs , the two countries have also conducted the close cooperation .
the experience we must pay attention to summing up all localities and departments to the implementation of the criminal procedure law in the course of inspection and discovered the typical good .
in some localities , for the sake of small number of people 享乐 , at the start a war , occupation of the territory of other countries , plundering other people wealth the people during 生灵涂炭 , and to bring the sufferings of the endless . the people of the
second , the outstanding problems conscientiously of bringing out for investigation affect social stability and public order timely and proper handling of the contradictions and disputes , and prevent contradictions .
qian qichen expressed condolences over dead and hit by the compatriots on a few days ago , taiwan , typhoon attack personnel and property losses very concerned about , and cordial regards .
the specific measures for the management of acting patent agencies by the state council regulations . "
prior to the visit of right and wrong to an ; the visit , is the hearts of in taiwan , NULL reduce more than 20 hours 甘愿 .
religious figures in view of the united states put forward some news reports said that the rumor arrest of the chinese christian , pastor cao shengjie , vice president of the christian council of china said : the specific conditions of her know the report cases , but one point can certainly , no one will have been arrested . because of religious belief in china
the meeting examined and approved the barrier of the state council 於增发 of 50 billion yuan of long - term construction treasury bonds to increase investment in fixed assets and readjusting the central budget for 2000 .
the leading members should closely with the masses , improve work style , and in - depth teaching , the forefront of scientific research , resolve 教职工 practical problems , bringing into play an important role in the course of reform and development of schools .
zhang quanjing said : comrade jiang zemin pointed out that the party committee secretaries , colleges and universities , president of the efforts should be made to become the socialist politicians , 教育家 .
these words 43万 小说 , published in 1997 , a total of issuing tens of thousands of about a dozen or so , very great .
this is because the film close to the reality of life in the right and the duty , and the situation , acute conflicts with the law , and directly social contradictions , molding 有血有肉 figures , and see to it that 艺术性 and ideological , shocking power and appeal , the organic unity .
answering a on the question of the chinese religious circles in the government 's crackdown on " falungong " falungong " what kind of attitude master sheng hui 's said : : " falungong " more than 1,600 people caused the death of , and drug harm to the people there is no different .
" people 's network 面世 worth 庆贺 " 23 august on the morning of renmin ribao director bai keming , chief editor xu zhongtian , accompanied by 吴恒权 deputy chief editor and director of the internet center to the scene watched the number of the " people 's network " congratulations to the " people 's network " public appearance for the first time .
on 4 january the establishment of diplomatic relations , the dprk with italy thereby becoming the state , following the austria and sweden , denmark and finland , and portugal , and the sixth with the first relations between the dprk and the realization of the normalization of the eu countries , and is also the seven major western industrialized countries officially established diplomatic ties with the dprk . the italian
article : the " is " deal with the two great disparity history of aggression beijing , 28 aug - - the " is " sponsored by the xinhua news agency news weekly in the 35 th published today , 唐天日 signed article the subject of the " two great disparity " toward history of aggression .
the meeting with deng xiaoping theory as the guide , comprehensively analyzed the trend of development of china 's aging population and to sum up and exchange the the old - age work experience , further clarified the 老龄 the principle of guiding ideology and principle and objective of the work of work , and make arrangements on doing a good job of old - age work .
luo gan stressed : continuously , all localities and relevant departments should conscientiously study and carry out the pattern of bringing out for investigation , mediating contradictions and disputes , and methods light of local conditions , emphasis on practical results , sum up experience , and this work for a long time , effectively carry out .
the chinese government will continue to pursue the on the day friendly policy .
according to reflect the villagers , 周银荃 witnessed " 大字报 " conflicts , in an effort to NULL village cadres , village cadres , such as housing construction , and other issues , and village party branch secretaries , director of the village 治保 and public security departments arrested .
he repeatedly visit to china , for a long time have actively devoted to sino - icelandic nongovernmental friendly contacts between the two countries , and in particular , exchanges and cooperation in the cultural field .
this is precisely the vast number of developing countries are worried that the issue of one china .
he personally visited the two ordinary family to see the happiness of their life , and a happy and peaceful , but also enjoy the government to provide social security , this has left deep impression . to him
he held that the socialist countries need to make great efforts to develop productive forces , and only with in other countries of peaceful coexistence , can we guarantee for achieving this purpose .
bilateral trade exchanges development foreign minister jovanovic visited cuba during august , he also signed bilateral protection and cuban ministers of foreign capital and economic cooperation and promote investment agreement , the business circles of the two sides will .
tried hard to expand its " international living space , " obstructing china 's national separatist elements 呐喊助威 , the pace of reunification , a vain attempt to so that china will always be in a the state of splitting administration .
therefore , more than $ 60 billion . up to 2015 , 共需 three stages
jiang chunyun stressed that comrade jiang zemin once pointed out : " without a solid foundation 地动山摇 , " the extreme importance of doing a good job of basic work at the grassroots level .
at present , china 's foreign trade in the 9 th in the world , economic size ranked seventh in the world .
family pointed out : in the course of opening ceremony of the seminar on his speech the chinese nation is a big family , the ancestors and cultural traditions of common our blood , 情同手足 .
the international community to the dprk 's response immediately expressed their extensive understanding the normal operation of the united states has been the proper criticism .
the court sentenced to the defendants wang jin 贪污罪 life imprisonment , deprived political rights for life , and confiscated a property of the renminbi 200,000 yuan ; sentenced to 贪污罪 the defendant 刘西荣 fixed - term imprisonment 15 years , and in their property of the renminbi 100,000 yuan .
the practice of reform and opening up the people from the tremendous changes in social , felt that in the course of economic development and the improvement of livelihood , has felt that socialism will give themselves NULL interests and benefits , 社会主义制度 superiority .
military academies and universities are the cultivation of talented people , to the future and develop relations of our army major and while studying the practice the important thinking of the " three represents " and must have higher standards and requirements .
swedish foreign minister anna lindh noted 安娜 . reiterated that the eu will continue to adhere to the the one - china policy .
the dprk hopes that the the communist party of china and the chinese people in accordance with the its own national conditions and wishes of the china 's affairs NULL better .
tang jiaxuan said : the work of : these consensus on our an important guiding significance , it is necessary to conscientiously implemented .
chairman li peng cherish an old friend again be able to make many of the new friends , we feel happy .
until today , they news reports on china 's still full of prejudice and distorting even slander .
without a stable social environment , the development of xinjiang 's it is difficult to carry out .
beijing 军代局 the establishment of a regional cooperation , a military products developed , and the road of a benign cycle .
if in the taiwan strait war broke out , the ocean shipping by the blockade and support the development of the economy foreign trade will certainly serious setbacks for the many industrial production departments will be shut down 停产 , the overall economic will face the tremendous impacts .
the examination and approval process of the entire proposal 减刑 parole in a china and openly state .
their aim is necessary to delay and block the passage of the bill , thus undermining sino - us relations .
due to the relatively township and town enterprises to absorb employment capability cities and towns re - employment pressure increased and other reasons , agricultural labor 困难重重 to the transfer of non - agricultural industries the employment pressure in rural areas continued to increase .
this is the reason why some western missionaries with the imperialist aggression linked with the opium firms in view of the chinese people .
these important expositions , president jiang provided a scientific basis for strengthening ideological and political education in the new situation in the correct direction .
the in this period , the study class is jointly sponsored by the central organization department and the national defense commission .
guo dongpo , director of the office of the state council , wang mengkui , minister of foreign trade and economic cooperation shi guangsheng , the state council development research center , director of the meeting present at the meeting .
second , the us aircraft carriers - launched cruise missiles in china 's coastal areas not be able to achieve the remarkable results .
the scale of fixed telecommunication network and mobile communications network , respectively , ranking second in the world and third .
although the NULL in the order of the east and west have one after another , however , the two occupied in russian foreign policy position almost the same important .
陈明端 all units are required to popularize advanced experiences of units practice through this meeting , their respective realities , popularization , to comprehensively strengthen provincial military districts units , the building of grass - roots party branches promote the work in all fields .
this shows that our country 's foreign trade has gradually the shadow of the asian financial crisis , the track of new high - speed growth .
the to meet the needs of combat readiness of the people 's air defense system question : the civil air defense is a complicated systems engineering , through many work , it is not merely a number of " air - raid shelters , " but should form a air defense system , and the northeast people 's air defense system is how to establish and develop ?
the national civil air defense major cities the rate of air - raid siren coverage rate and 鸣响 of 100 percent , telecommunications , civil air defense sirens the building of the military region has gradually embarked on a more networks of various means , supporting the path of development .
the standing committee of the provincial party committee and director of the provincial public security department 俞国行 the self - examination report of the provincial public security department of law enforcement work since 1998 .
by the end of this year , all the several dozen on the goal of urban and rural people 's living standards in the " ninth five - year " plan , can be achieved .
it is necessary to strengthen the building of the contingent of political and business development , and work style building .
in particular , the principal responsible comrades of the party and government leading cadres , must conscientiously learn a lesson from the cheng kejie case , adhere to democratic centralism and carry out the highly of 批评与自我批评 to raise the political to deal with .
strictly enforce the law and discipline , punishing corruption , and we must earnestly carry out the following points : first , it is necessary to resolutely .
delegates attending the also expressed the hope that the vatican can change the erroneous china policy , and should not set new obstacles for the improvement of the china - vatican relations .
wang yingfan pointed out that , the developed countries should further to the developing countries open market , the goal of official development aid to meet 百分之零点七 percent of their gnp , effectively as soon as possible to resolve the foreign debt problems of the developing countries .
the olympic games as the chinese athletes the honor of the motherland fighting the motherland to such outstanding sons and daughters of proud of it .
this joint 一气 , can we have a tremendous strength , ensure " strictly manage officials " managing results .
the government still have confidence in the future to speak of .
an irresistible law that the mainland factors of course , can also considering from another angle .
also held many local residents the " falungong " exercises 行善 is , an political struggle of some people at a tool for the organization of people .
this means that can beginning from a brain " first get rich . "
he stressed that this forum there is no precedent a major event in the history of sino - african relations , it has an important significance . to promote sino - african relations in the new century development
the sino - japanese economic and trade cooperation oriented to the 21 st century have good prospects for development .
algeria 's independence and the building of have won the chinese people 's sincere help .
li peng said : china and togo 's geographical are apart very close . but the feelings of the
mao zedong , zhou enlai and deng xiaoping stressed on many occasions the responsibility for the war not in a small number of criminals of militarism the japanese people , the japanese people also victims .
at the end of 1998 , the ambassador said , including the political , economic , trade , science and technology , culture and education , the issue of globalization and regional issues , such as extremely broad fields . in between president jiang zemin 's visit to japan , china and japan has signed 33 cooperation projects , and these projects
the formation of warships 浩荡 forward .
he pointed out that at present , the northern region the party central committee and the state council on this serious water shortage is very concerned about .
we advocate with the principle of " peaceful reunification and one country , two systems , " do not realize reunification , it is necessary to change the existing system and the people of taiwan 's way of life .
these achievements did not come easily , is inseparable from the teachers , students , and the university , the people of several generations of arduous struggle and 劳作 hard .
he said , china has with a long history and a splendid culture .
" amid the smoke of gunpowder , pass through the red army " two tanks deputy legqog , " shock brigade " in the work of relying on the implementation of the enemy 钳形 a pincer attack solid base to stubbornly resist , from the enemy 's over 2,000 meters suddenly 行进 firing , a 炸响 过后 , the " enemy " 地堡 灰飞烟灭 .
the overall the people 's living standards in our country the level of moderate prosperity , and this is an amazing .
third is rich in content , and diverse .
he said : these countries expressed the hope that china will be able to proceeding from safeguarding overall situation of bilateral friendly and cooperative relations with china , fully understand the allow sensitivity of the seriousness and harmfulness of lee teng - hui visit , effectively perform the " one china " commitment .
the situation on the korean peninsula and its neighboring areas since the beginning of last year continue to help the factor of adjustment of the relations between china and the relevant countries changes , increase .
at the end of last year , at that time , vice president of taiwan lien chan also said that taiwan should develop china and long - range missiles .
according to the plan , the new exhibition hall in the area of 300,000 square meters of land 建筑面积 200,000 square meters , 二零零三年 首期 project input into use .
next year 's opening the mini three links , our side 's shipbuilding can be certain conditions to the other side .
in the future high - tech war , confrontation no longer be a combat system and a number of weapons and equipment , but the system and the system , the system and the system of confrontation .
because of china 's historical period , duplicate construction , industrial structure 不合理 , and other issues are in the large - scale adjustment of the industrial structure , and a number of mines exhausted of resources , the issue of laid - off workers has become more acute .
there is nothing to speak of without a stable political and social environment , all no matter how good plan and program will .
all these have increased the urgency of relations with the dprk . the united states
at present , an eye on the future , clear the way to forge ahead , will step up to make overall planning and the specific guidance , do a solid promote the large - scale development .
the other projects of the ocean satellite ground receiving system building .
continue to strengthen and develop the dprk and friendship between the people of the two countries , and the fundamental interests of to safeguard the asian and world peace and security in the an important significance .
beijing , 10月26日 ( 王彦田 NULL ) - - the state council held today and telephone conference , in view of the the current production and sales of counterfeit and inferior commodities law - breaking and criminal activities and rampant , and the deployment of to conduct in - depth the crackdown on fake joint actions .
they said : the changes in china 's their great interest , made them feel he is due to china 's economic development an important contributions to the development of the world economy .
only by the problems can we may encounter , judicial practice resolved to carry out reform , and have established the judicial system with chinese characteristics can .
he said : since the past half a century , and although in the world has undergone many changes , 但中芬 relations have always maintain the smooth and stable development .
hu jintao fully affirmed the an important role in strait exchange activities cross - strait women in order to promote cross - strait economic and cultural cooperation and mutual understanding and consensus between the people on both sides .
wu yi said : in a congratulatory message to the meeting the current meeting is government departments and the united nations development program of great significance in promoting the development of china 's modern leaps and bounds and e - commerce cooperation .
lien chan 's fact , chen shui - bian proposed the 1992 consensus " i his subordinates told i not NULL matter .
wei jianxing also positively of to sino - mongolian parliamentary exchanges and cooperation between the two countries the hope that the two sides even more fruitful exchanges between the continued efforts to promote the development of bilateral relations .
encourage and guide : " the state of returned overseas chinese and overseas chinese dependants amendment to the stipulations of the law investment in making industries , in particular , to set up high - tech enterprises , the people 's governments at all levels should support , the legitimate rights and interests of the by the law protects . "
chairman li peng 's visit to russia , pointed out that economic complementarity , china and russia strong , and the potential is tremendous , should earnestly through the material foundation for economic and trade cooperation partnership of strategic cooperation .
such a " 临门 , " 於促 成连 chen they have also 抱希望 - bian the result of .
but also the business circles to a considerable influence of the republican party , 亟盼 the new government will be able to maintain with the the cpc regime , so as to promote bilateral trade and investment activities ; this case , bush jr. to the chinese communists will inevitably it is necessary to 谨言慎行 , in order to avoid 激怒 business circles supporters of the friendly relations .
various countries to strengthen mutual dialogue and contact , the needs of the overall development of the world mutual understanding and increasing mutual understanding .
the development of science and technology not only involve natural science and engineering technology , including the fields of social sciences .
the speech ended many , the less satisfactory 未尽 , is still 回味 li ruihuan 's incisive exposition . his speech , relevant unity , stability , and development and prosperity of the "
林和立 the so - called diversification is only a pretext do not hope to stay in 报馆 time in office of politics , therefore , the resignation .
in connection with the actual situation , and further implement well the organic law of villagers committees of the local law enforcement . gu jinchi , vice chairman of the npc internal and judicial affairs committee , deputies expressed the hope that the
he said , sino - finnish diplomatic relations between over the past 50 years , relations between the two countries continuous development .
after global of the cold war the disintegration of the soviet union and drastic changes in eastern europe declared the end of , the cold war pattern of asia has not disappeared accordingly .
strengthening china and laos long - term good - neighborly , friendly , and in keeping with the fundamental interests of the people of our two countries .
it is necessary to adopt - style development of the resettlement way immigration , it is necessary to pay attention to the long - term plan for the building of development in the future .
chi haotian first conveyed chairman li peng 's sincere regards and good wishes to 布马扎 , and asked him to convey 布马扎 president jiang zemin 's cordial regards and good wishes to algerian president bouteflika .
夜间 on the same day , bush delivered a television speech has refused to gore 's proposal .
qiu xiaohua in the first three quarters of consumption growth of 百分之九点九 , to achieve for many improve retired wages , and urban support lines standards extend the festivals and holidays and the government and the promotion of the relevant housing reform .
the chinese side is willing to , as always , and brunei maintain good coordination and cooperation .
the " declaration of following 一九二二年 issued a said : " the chinese a unified country , this point has firmly india in a the historical awareness of china 's , it is precisely this kind of awareness so that we can as one country be preserved . "
from to achieve the requirements of the " three represents , to do a good job in the the new century will face challenges ideological the high plane of strategy , political , and organizational preparations , fully understand do a good job in colleges and universities the work of the importance of the " three stresses " education , and actively do a good job in every stage , continually enhance the ideological understanding , and effectively guard against and overcome the feelings of 厌烦 松劲 .
the financial - assets management companies to deal with assets management methods formulated by the ministry of finance .
kuwait is oil production country , and china is willing to make explorations in oil fields with scientific the establishment of a long - term friendly relations of cooperation , further expand bilateral cooperation in the fields of trade , oil , and broaden the new ways of cooperation .
second , strengthen the building of water conservation facilities , and water - saving techniques popularized .
it is necessary to organize the masses to pay close attention to repair in addition to reinforce the work of dangerous water project destroyed , 整修 淹 farmland , and do a good job of reinforcing reservoirs disease . suffered to see the region
the so - called " three understandings " is inter - party group said :
first second , the relations of economic relations between china and the united states and other they will not achieved its allies , in favor of has developed to the current this extent , also detrimental to the united states .
she pointed out that , deputy prime minister aziz expressed the hope that china will continue to play an important role . for a just and reasonable solution the iraq issue
the arats the verbal expression of the sef plan NULL the letter , as the contents of the consensus of the two sides each other .
the whole party should conscientiously sum up and deepening the level of understanding of the law over economic work , under the conditions of developing the socialist market economy and opening wider to the outside world , and constantly enhance leadership of economic work and the ability to control the overall economy .
tang jiaxuan also conveyed president jiang 's invitation to vojislav kostunica for his convenience in the next year 's formal visit to china .
the professional contingent of business operators , an inherent driving force for , the inferior enterprises to withdraw from the market as the conscious action of safeguarding the interests of the company of capital and realize their own various contract responsibility .
first , it is necessary to focus on improving the quality of the vast numbers of rural grass - roots cadres .
at present , what should be done ? 身后 留什 in the future ? , " and to learn from the more the embodiment of the to the work of rectification and reform .
after hearing the interest in the large - scale .
to help peasants solve the actual difficulties in production and operations , and do a good job of a a household 干不了 , 干不好 , create conditions for peasants to develop the economy .
he said : in international organizations , china and armenia the two countries mutual support and cooperate with each other and maintained good relations of cooperation .
jiang zemin stressed : in the in the new century , and only by adhering to the development of the most extensive patriotic united front , our party led the unity of all the realization of the common efforts of the sons and daughters of the chinese nation 's great rejuvenation of the more successful .
in clothing , food , housing , transportation , and culture and entertainment consumption expenditure , food , clothing expenditures 平缓 growth , and , culture and entertainment consumption , and rapid growth , living the transportation , telecommunications , gradually become the residents ' consumption hot spots .
on the afternoon of 6 september the federal 亚特兰大 the 11 th circuit court of appeal rejected the appeal of the republican party has proposed that should not recognize the manual vote count in florida .
today , the chinese people including the rights and freedoms of the chinese authors , enjoy all kinds of legal guarantee , including the remarks made by freedom and freedom of creative works .
he said : the forecast this year , the import and export volume will reach $ 四千五百亿 , it is estimated that growth rate has reached exceeds 25 percent .
the informed source in beijing disclosed that beijing recently convened yesterday the central military commission an enlarged meeting , the meeting the closing session .
the small bank of china , a profound lessons of the asian financial crisis , bring people the more difficult to resist 狂风恶浪 .
first , the central government th anniversary of the the reversion of macao firmly implement the " country , two systems " policy , support the macao sar government in governing according to law .
various experimental districts actively explore , has summed up many good experiences .
during the 10 th five - year china will launch more than 30 satellites , including communication satellites , navigation satellites , to satellites , resource remote sensing satellites and space exploration satellites , and other 15 .
the korean battlefield , and the number of to 7个 months later , is i 120 flight time , the us air force of the i 50 , claims to be the first in the world to carry out the trial of strength , has created the amazing results .
fifth , take part in strengthening the source , intensify the macroeconomic efforts to safeguard .
in particular , 重修 京义 railway the agreement reached , the economic artery in order to connect the north - south to irradiate vigor and enormous vitality to the development of the north and the south , and the construction of the eurasia continental bridge " eurasian continent and economic cooperation , " have an important significance .
more of attention , has a bearing on the vital interests of the voters have vividly welfare , the us domestic policies for example , taxation , social , and medical care , education , and so on , therefore , whether it is the bush or gore , are not in the campaign to concentrate on spent on the policy toward china and policies expounded his NULL .
of course , to president bush eventually will take any specific policies , is still at present , there is still under 断语 , because every session of the new administration as soon as he took office will the examination . to the foreign policy of the united states
this fully shows that the people of macao can not only running macao , but can management . over the past
however , along with the li yuanzhe made a special article , 九月二日 the inter - party group in the first meeting of the proposal put forward by return to the 1992 consensus , he suggested has drawn attention to the mainland .
丘芷慧 one after another , made a reply , and 天真 asked : " since you ? 来不来 macao
beijing , 十二月二十日 ( xinhua ) - - state council vice premier wu bangguo instructions to the coal mine safety supervision work conference today urged : strengthening safety supervision , and intensify law enforcement , strictly prevent major and extraordinarily serious 责任事故 place .
the broad masses of the people must not be unaware .
for example , zhejiang 's wenling city gangsters headed by zhang wei , on former mayor of wenling city 周建国 六十七 the cpc officials , including former director of the public security department of wenling city 杨卫中 " help . "
guangdong region so as to crack down on kong and macao had fujian , and shanghai to crack down on taiwan had as the mainstay .
the participants said : it is necessary to the in - depth study and implementation of the spirit , in light of the their own characteristics , give full play to the advantages , 's political situation for the building of socialism with chinese characteristics , economic , political , and cultural service to the maintenance of stability and unity services , in order to achieve the motherland 's complete reunification , and for safeguarding world peace and promoting the common development of service .
the law committee has increased the contents of this regard . in accordance with the this in the draft
to contend for the state members of the seats in los angeles , the fourth of the chinese people .
in the association for promoting the chinese people and the asian people will on an equal footing , and thousands of his election campaign , as well as the the awareness of the participation of the " falungong " is to improve the chinese people .
in the hegemonism and power politics still exist and the foundation for the development of a new , especially in the country 's peaceful reunification have been hit by serious threat to , china must strengthen the ability to apply military means to defend their sovereignty and security .
the open it is necessary to meet with the open content .
adhere to the main theme remains unchanged , enrich the contents to the end , and tangible results in consolidated and improved , and extend , radiation from top to bottom , make efforts in 求新 , truth - seeking , and the upper and lower efforts .
however , the kmt is about a leap forward in the three century , is necessary to face of the different ideologies .
however , the united states at the present stage to prevent and avoid cross - strait war principle is : taiwan independence , the cpc will not use force , the two sides to seek a peaceful means .
the 20 th century has special historical conditions for the special condition of the times and the chinese bringing up in this way , mao zedong great genius .
the rally 100 staff members and workers said that the the chaotic management ' ' good leaders at all levels .
it is learned that the ministry of science and technology will be arranged funds to support the implementation of the international science and technology cooperation plan .
along with the growth of population the rapid development of economic and social the shortage of water , and grain , oil , and other strategic resources will china 's in the future sustainable development serious threat .
actively explore the fund industry , and the forms of risk investment funds introduce foreign capital .
on the import of the western region 's superior industries and export NULL projects foreign advanced technology and equipment , the state for its support on foreign commercial loans targets and arrangements .
it is necessary to strengthen the western region with the intelligence service and personnel support . relevant central departments , colleges in the eastern region , and scientific research institutions
in his speech , he put forward clear requirements . to do a good job the work of next year 's party building work in particular , organization ,
the policy of asked , director of the briefing a look at the relevant scientific and technological education and qualified personnel in the policy for the large - scale development of the western region .
according to statistics , last year , a total of the province to fully reflects the 深情厚谊 the close blood between fujian and taiwan people . disaster - stricken 二千余万 billion yuan , the taiwan compatriots ' donations ,
they held that china in a strong , in the development in the next century not only will become an economic power and but also will become a military power .
at present , nine approval of the state council , more than development zones and upgrading - - development zones .
along with the implementation of these ecological construction project , believe that the goal of the " 再造 a beautiful of the western region " can surely be realized .
in fact china 's color television sets market has a buyer 's market , and the color television sets 年产 capability as high as 40 million taiwan and the market demand was $ 20 million taiwan , the price fell has become inevitable .
in the course of 坚苦卓绝 long - term struggle the chinese communists marxism with the reality of the chinese revolution and construction mao zedong thought , and deng xiaoping theory .
shandong , in accordance with the relevant procedures , from his post as 阳信 刘成文 , secretary of the county party committee , county magistrate 王力 王天河 , director of the county public security bureau , and continue to carry out investigation in accordance with law .
replaced by 分房 money , let the people 's own house purchases . in addition , the mainland scheduled at the beginning of the new year to lift restrictions in 外销 the housing problem , 极大 investment business opportunities for foreign - funded enterprises , .
ideological and political construction has committed towering training troops through science and technology fruitful results in the ascendant , logistics reform steadily promoting the weapons and equipment markedly improved the overall combat effectiveness , the people 's army is a cross - century development on the journey of the triumphant advance of china .
waste action , duplicate construction , and blind the building of to prevent and resolutely reduce it is necessary to continue to improve and strengthen the treasury bonds the management of projects ensure that the the quality of the projects , ensure the use of treasury bonds to play the desired results .
see this point , easy to produce mistakes , and various setbacks .
it was parties 推测 candidates for the minister of national defense , and there is no including what donald rumsfeld , and 华盛 immediately submitted to the once claimed that rumsfeld may long as the cia .
along with the the disintegration of the soviet union the international political a new pattern of more than strong . stage
the kmt 's high - level personages said , " you the taiwan authorities even one china does not recognize the itself is a the chinese people , and also 谈什麽 " mini three links , " is really 岂有此理 preposterous . "
relatively outstanding achievements made by the chinese diplomacy last year NULL four aspects : first of all , relations between china and various major powers improvement and development in the relative stability .
" the sun yafu , however , did not directly answer , and reiterated that only the " three links the internal affairs of a country , should be conducted under the the principle of one china , direct two - way links , and mutual benefit . "
to say that the overwhelming majority of weapons has been destroying , therefore , we believe that the abolition of the the sanctions , should at least be gradually alleviated .
有道是 " rock , " whoever 爬 a higher plane , 梯子 in the anti - china no one will be more NULL fall .
it is reported that at present , china 's put into operation of nuclear power station two , and building nuclear power station four , during the 10 th five - year period will be some new nuclear power projects to be launched .
in open up the international market 中航第二 group also strive to open up the domestic market and have made a certain results .
the people of china and india should further strengthen cooperation in various fields , so as to make their due contributions to the development of their respective , as well as the world 's peace between the two countries .
the cooperation of the development of the tourist industry is inseparable from the civil aviation , railway , communications , and other industries effective support , cannot be separated from commercial , and 餐饮 , entertainment , and other aspects , is inseparable from the plan , fiscal , financial , and other departments supporting services .
the fact is the case .
opposing the voice of the ' arafat not only from within the " 法塔赫 " organization and kazakhstan 马斯 , and other extremist organization , and even arafat their leadership of the some people to the united states koreshige compromise dissatisfaction .
the mass work of building civilized city to continuously in depth , and provide a powerful ideological guarantee for capital of reform and opening up , and modernization , and spiritual motive force and intellectual support .
when the clinton administration the chairman of the joint chiefs of staff , powell once to oppose the us involvement in bosnia - herzegovina , conflicts held that the us troops stationed overseas front is too long and latin america .
he said : since the establishment of an official in 1986 the friendly relations the communist party of china and the syrian renaissance party high - level visits constantly the friendly exchanges have increased with each passing day , and to open up the channels the comprehensive development of relations between the two countries the new contents .
阿赫马尔 thanked the introduction of hu jintao .
we have stressed : with the indian good - neighborliness and friendship .
the " one of the united states , non - issue , " mean that it is in the past one china , not at present , the one - china .
in the task of major scientific research test the successful is the last word , it is necessary to spare no effort to guarantee success .
when jiang zemin and other the central leading comrades of the went to the representatives of the east hall of the great hall of the people , and attending the meeting were meeting , the audience burst into warm applause .
it is necessary to exist in view of the agricultural scientific and technological fields of outstanding problems , and to the system of agricultural science and technology to reform and speeding up the construction and improve the the new type of agricultural science and technology innovation system .
china and cyprus established diplomatic relations in the past 30 years after the joint efforts of both sides , in the concern of the leaders of the two countries and the cultivation and the cypriot friendly and cooperative relations has been constantly the new development .
most as a state of china , small space is weak , in order to 扼制 power control of space utilization of space , will develop antisatellite weapons , and other weapons in space warfare .
however , due to the " enemy the " special combat soldiers 罩 the anti - reconnaissance stealth clothing , with the result that i battlefield television reconnaissance system screen is only a 白茫茫 .
after two years of hard work , 本地区 some of the state economic has emerged from the low ebb , from the impact of financial crisis gradually resumed growth , and is developing in a good direction .
the standing committee of the political bureau of the cpc central committee , li ruihuan , chairman of the cppcc national committee attended the tea party .
in his speech , some members of the wto the highly value . to efforts to push forward the process of negotiations , the chinese delegation made important
third , submitted to the the application of an interview with documents i and relevant departments only the requirements for those who provide this reporter has proven that lie news organizations NULL , the reporters and gather news program .
the main has adopted the method of six : , 施教 because of the people .
bush has warned us that it is necessary to cautiously handle the taiwan issue , in particular , 售 taiwan issue of weapons , so as not to affect the overall situation of sino - us relations . the united states in many insightful people in
in the talks on cross - strait deadlock confrontation between the situation the cross - strait , general secretary jiang zemin 八时 and chen shui - bian 's unification and integration theory , has provided the favorable opportunity for cross - strait to link up resume talks .
in strengthening urban infrastructure construction the aspects of urban management , it is necessary to , still more , it is necessary to pay attention to modern management .
in education , bush have put forward a " 转学 券 plan , " allow the low - income families to the children from 公立学校 私立学校 .
the signing of an intermediate agreement since then , the proposal of cross - strait , has gradually become the us policy concept .
this case more than 10 people , 42 party and government cadres , and judicial organs and cadres 15 cadres , and financial institutions be out of wenling city , the standing committee of the former mayor 周建国 , former city party committee , minister of public security bureau 杨卫中 a number of major leading cadres .
chen yunlin stressed that the separatist unpopular and " taiwan independence " will certainly provoke a war .
however , more than in the past , the organization , a year has far exceeded the registration for the nature of qigong organization , its original rely on the international forces 猖狂 the true features of subversive , anti - china activities .
a host of facts shows that real , the " falungong " organization and activities in hong kong , NULL are taking place in a qualitative is totally the name of religion , culture , and political to have and the harm of may produce , it is necessary to conscientiously to analyze and solemnly attention .
the two sides also had a friendly exchange of views us arms sales to taiwan , frank , china 's accession to the world trade organization , the united states " national missile defense [ nmd ] system " and " theater missile defense system , " " law " and other issues .
the social security system is a " safety net , " all countries in the world of social stability have regarded it as a " the most important task . "
the li hongzhi propaganda " falungong " is the people 's 生灵 out .
so far , the us strategy toward china basically taken shape .
persist in emancipating the mind and seeking truth from facts , can be said that " is prone to know difficult . "
as people father , the most difficult endured the is a child by ruining by maltreated .
they 带上 roads 亲生 mother ?
innovation is the wisdom and flowers , the crystallization of the knowledge .
has always been the government of every country foreign institutions in hong kong and officials of his visit to hong kong , strictly abide by the the relevant regulations , and will not engage in in hong kong are not in accord with the capacity of activities , not an individual contacts with political groups .
the spokesman said : some people 心怀 sinister motives , hope that the the relations between the united states and the dprk permanent hostile and 趁机 fish in troubled waters .
it has been learned , all of the xinjiang military the foundation for the study , there are specific problems have conducted " opposing superstition advocating science " and atheism special - topic education .
at the same time all units also sent " 课外辅导 member of the " in remote rural and pastoral areas , and 农牧 a to all ethnic groups in - depth the knowledge of popularizing science and popularizing the masses to help the vast number of peasants and herdsmen a clear understanding of the the prosperity and stability of the cult nature of " falungong " and jointly safeguard the border areas .
this article entitled " adhere to the one - china principle to promote the cross - strait direct " three links " said : the so - called " mini three links , " that is , direct contacts between kinmen , matsu and fujian 's coastal areas .
the general a normal person may not know that the li hongzhi the so - called " however , on a higher level " and " seek fulfillment " is the meaning of " falungong 's " falungong " followers 心领神会 addicts , more firmly believe that 不疑 .
he hoped to further expand the the two - city forum 's agenda and exchanges projects the other , NULL culture , education and other fields . in the future
he said : in the past 10 years , the situation shows that the investment of taiwan businessmen in the mainland , favorable to taiwan .
the report also quoted us intelligence official said , the united states federal bureau of investigation have been listed more than 3,000 a list of these are enterprises in the united states and the government have contacts with the chinese communists .
in particular , overseas chinese , and have established organizations opposing " independence " and promoting reunification , warm and thither appeal for china 's reunification .
we should encourage the multinational companies to set up the research and development centers and regional headquarters .
apec senior officials will be regular meeting attended by all members of the high - level officials , four . will be held this year
jiang zemin also briefed the guests on china 's domestic situation and china 's views on the current international situation .
first of all , it is necessary to the reorganization of the the original organization of the industrial structure it is necessary to introduce the mechanism of competition in the course of the existence of vertical and continuously the power industry otherwise , it will not be able to create the conditions of the main body of the market and fair competition .
the reform of the power industry is a systems engineering , has long - term nature .
after informed sources have revealed that zhuang rushun 未遂 commit suicide , the first line of work to related to the yuanhua case has been 悔 italy , fujian minister 李闽忠 of the propaganda department of the provincial party committee , accepting bribes from lai changxing high - level in his post as the zhangzhou city cpc committee and secretary of the vehicles , and other .
according to the based on this investigation team analysis the " 鱼鹰 " accident may be 驾驶员 manipulated the wrong serious .
for many years , the chinese people paid the tremendous efforts , to achieve national reconciliation and economic construction and have given the selfless assistance . to support the cambodian people to defend national sovereignty and territorial integrity ,
" the opinions of his academic also became in a certain scientific research units , some experts as the leadership of the instructions , " has become a the opinions of absolutely correct .
the spokesman that the various countries in the established diplomatic relations with the prc the signing of diplomatic relations between the communique this kind of duty . therefore , these countries should fulfill their promise of diplomatic relations between the communique .
ningxia rely on the grass - roots party organizations , clearly NULL key points , take the way to initiate the concentrated education in the legal system running the study courses the " falungong " addicts and meticulous ideological and political education .
after the initial 法医 the spot inspection , " the corpse in the east in the west , with combined blows 仰卧 shape , 爆燃 burn not deep and death 窒息 death . " this is because in an instant
in other words , this year , the cross - strait relations , quite may have from various political parties in taiwan can lead to the initiative to the drastic changes in the factors .
in this way , 17 evaluation delegation members of the have all 到京 , and will the work of beijing 's olympic bid beginning tomorrow .
he without the truth , more hypocritical !
earlier , will in march and april in the missile 助推器 test .
zhu bangzao pointed out : in the iraq issue , the chinese side 's stand the consistent and clear .
the unity , education and redemption the great majority of " falungong " practitioners , is the common responsibility of the entire society .
deputy legqog , attended the meeting and gave an important speech . the regional party committee , executive deputy secretary of the autonomous region chairman of the
in fact , the dprk iraq , libya , iran , and other is the third world of the country , they will not 核导弹 , NULL is likely to pose a 核威胁 ? indeed NULL , some countries have a small number of ballistic missiles , such as iraq is an example . to the united states
with the long - term of the institute of himself to the united states , their own the time , the general impression of people particularly strong sense of anxiety , the united states are very little 自吹自擂 this does not work , and then insufficient , 颇有 walk upwards . a success of the cold
in the course of this struggle the hubei provincial xiangfan city public security organs and decisive strikes , destroyed in one fell swoop the criminal syndicate led by 余林 the nature of the criminal organization , arrested criminal cases cracked members of the criminal 34 39 , seizing guns 12 .
余林 instigation and hired thugs 刘勇 them into a seriously injured .
liu xiaoming envoy also answered the audience the relevant issues .
, and promoting the building of grass - roots political power in accordance with the requirements of the development of the socialist market economy , the functions of at the same time , streamlining town and township organs and personnel and promote the villagers ' self - government , improve management system in the rural areas , the superstructure in rural areas in a better way changes in the economic base .
in the energy structure of energy , beijing will shift from coal clean energy , such as such as natural gas , wind , solar energy .
bush promised after being elected , it is necessary to establish a a greater and more senior and all - round defense system .
therefore , the strategy of the united states and russia requirements , british negotiations , is to seek a greater room for . their plight in a dilemma
the issue of 於世贸 rules in many aspects , china is still no legislation , 享有盛誉 in the international community in the fields of 郭寿康 recently pointed out : the law of china in the service trade , and protective measures , telecommunications , and protect the integrated circuits is a design , need to be 提上 the legislative agenda . as soon as possible
vice president of the guangdong 同乡会 刘平中 to 欢迎辞 at the banquet .
it was learned that , after the report 16 th congress next year , he was relieved of general secretary jiang zemin 's resignation the state president , but whether to preserve the chairman of the central military commission , at present has not yet been a conclusion .
people 's congress deputies of the armed forces the lanzhou military region 联勤部 樊根深 minister said : " in the past , family , and a military cadres is often several the paper 箱子 equipment , and clothes a 大衣柜 奢侈 .
in the course of this serious political struggle , 涌现出 a large number of advanced collectives and progressive individuals .
the development of is the last word , the development of the times , the main theme of development is to resolve the key to all issues in china .
we on the shoulder the heavy 担子 , responsibilities ! "
at the the history of more than 200 years in the united states , a total of 1.8万 people was sentenced to death , among them , only 38 percent of white people .
the united states a brzezinski , well - recently said when interviewed by the the newspapers and periodicals , he 每周 have read china the chinese media hostility toward the united states him by the large - scale attack .
this is an important issue of strengthening and improving party building in the new period .
hu jintao the history of the party profoundly expounded the importance of strengthening the building of the party .
chen jinhua , vice chairman of the npc standing committee buhe , vice chairman of the cppcc national committee , and 农工 democratic party central committee yao jun , vice chairman of the attended the the welcoming ceremony .
a reporter asked : at present , : do you believe that china 's why the approval of the the " convention ?
he said : all , the cppcc national committee in units and the broad masses of member of the resolutely support the central authorities ' major policy decisions on handling and resolving the " falungong " issue .
looking at the stage of development , china 's industrialization have not completed as soon as the , and modernization process of begin soon .
朱文 - member proposed that we should create a more favorable policies and market environment , the non - public - owned the healthy economic development .
zeng jianhui said : in the the fourth session of the ninth npc today held a news conference this .
the relationship between make great efforts to strengthen the building of socialist spiritual civilization and the building of democracy and the legal system , and the relationship between reform , development and stability , promote the development of various social undertakings and ensure social stability .
of course , the navy , 's propaganda ? as the kidd - class destroyers
another 可敬 , tang dongcheng he was in charge of , there are more 尽责 潜心 research and scientific law . not only the extreme
the reporters who asked to an economist 冲浪 are on the net : " china 's economy really be able to the realization of 7 percent growth ? " 七嘴八舌
张春园 said : in recent years , china 's agriculture and rural construction of infrastructure remarkable achievements , however , compared with the city is still very backward .
member of the 赵法箴 , it is necessary to regard the development of fishery as industrial optimization of the industrial structure of agriculture and increase peasants ' incomes .
宋春 , 田北俊 , 胡定旭 , 庄 his , 赵海宽 , member of the 蔡继明 , and 骆少君 , also separately issued views on the financial system , urban sewage discharge life , and the development of high .
he said : as an old industrial base of liaoning , many difficulties and problems .
entrusted by the state council , the ministry of finance minister xiang huaicheng a report on the execution of the central and local budgets for 2000 and 2001 draft central and local budgets .
the report the statement , can be strong and inspiring .
generally , he the same time , he his responsibility , and 见识 he still very important different members ' speeches , i feel that this spirit , really should carry forward in which the scope of the cppcc national committee .
the 10 th five - year plan the " outline the continuation of china 's " three - step " development strategy and details .
liu hongbin this phenomenon deeply worried .
deputy wang ruilin said : , and promote the army 's modernization very crucial point , we must be guided by comrade jiang zemin 's important thinking of " three represents " - earth manner 高中级 the building of the contingent of cadres .
huang ju said : after the painstaking efforts of the people of the shanghai , shanghai has attained historic changes in the adjustment of economic structure , and the readjustment of the pattern of the productive forces , initially established the basic framework of a socialist market economy .
he said : since the implementation of the policy of reform and opening up , china has undergone enormous changes , the tremendous achievements . have been achieved in terms of economic , political , cultural , and diplomatic
over the past year and more , under the the support of the central government the macao sar government adopt various measures to crack down on the criminal forces , effectively safeguarded social stability .
, and make great efforts to train a new - type qualified military personnel it is necessary to give full play to the human , material , and financial resources the greatest benefit to provide the personnel solid material foundation . to win
he also said : members and workers at the plant 's 议论纷纷 , has always been no clashes occurred . "
" it is necessary to pool and unite the the strength of all quarters , a powerful force for advancing institutional innovation . "
the key position of the party committees and government should put scientific and technological progress and innovation in economic and social development , effectively solve the practical problems in the course of development .
for example , these problems not solve china 's modernization will be serious impact .
in new projects we must good environmental protection , and see to it that some on 治污 reduce pollution , the output increase technical transformation projects it is necessary to implementation .
they held that when review and discussions the urbanization strategy , china 's major choice realization of urbanization in the new century .
it is necessary to strengthen the supervision in enterprises " three stresses " education and inspection .
last year , in the process of the revision of the marriage law , and extensively listen to the opinions of all quarters , in a variety of forms and pay close attention to giving play to the women 's federation organizations role of npc standing committee , received good results .
, executive vice chairman of the 李蒙 , vice chairman of the yao jun , 章师明 , 陈灏珠 , 阎洪臣 , 宋金升 , 朱兆良 , 陈建生 , 陈宗兴 , 张大宁 , 左焕琛 , 桑国卫 attended the meeting .
the meeting of the cppcc national committee , intellectual property rights become the committee members warmly topic of discussion .
during his lifetime deng xiaoping also once said , " the final we all the reform can successfully , or depends on the the political system .
according to the the new 鸿基 地产 development company limited in hong kong 郭炳湘 member of the president and concurrently president of the : china is now become the largest industrial goods production bases , one of the the same time , constantly expanded the scale of the consumer market .
the total amount of the military spending of the whole , the chinese government , compared with the united states and other western countries should be much fewer , the military spending of the company , india , and other countries should also more than that of china .
kim tae - chung also said that the rok will continue to make efforts to promote dialogue , and the dprk and every one step will and the united states consultation , so as to let the progress of rok - dprk relations the interests of the two countries in south korea and the united states . to bush
although percent of the people the 45 percent of the social wealth however , high - income of those who did not " the main supplier of " paying personal income tax .
at present , unity , equality , and mutual assistance of a new type of socialist ethnic relations in ningxia has been continuously the consolidation and development .
in the face of opportunities and challenges the high hopes on 惟有 迎头 , we can we do not disappoint the central committee and the people throughout the country .
to enjoy the rights of wto members of the , china 's commodity trade and service trades investors will be able to enjoy more favorable treatment , has gradually abolished some countries for china 's discriminatory policies and measures , further open up the international market .
enterprises with competitive edge encourage continue to develop external contracts and labor cooperation , the export processing trade abroad , and leading products and services and technology .
from " ushering in " to the " going out , " the outside world upgraded a new realm .
when answering reporters on china 's accession to the world trade organization [ wto ] have to hong kong , and macao regions , economic , shi guangsheng said : after china 's accession to the world trade organization , not only will the mainland to china development opportunities , but also will produce positive impact on the hong kong , and macao 's economic development , and bring the development opportunities .
the middle east issue is also one of the issue when president , his election campaign bush will surely be discussed .
the ministry of preparatory work after receiving the order , in the provisions of time rapidly completed a missile of war preparedness , in the air raid conditions and will the pier a certain military port , to transfer of missiles guarantee for the ships 出航 on time .
however , under the any , the starting point and foothold of all our work , we must conform to the the fundamental interests of the broadest masses of people .
during the " ninth five - year " period , liaoning a total of planting trees 1.5 billion trees have been planted the 10 th five - year plan period , will also tree planting trees have been planted 28亿 , at the same time decided to the 采伐 natural forests .
, china will soon join the NULL he revealed that , before out in the regulations of foreign capital , china will not have the joint venture telecommunications corporation pilot .
only seize the opportunity , seize the time to speed up development , we will be able to take off to achieve comprehensive national strength by leaps and bounds .
the us government for after the people , the development of sino - us relations has attracted worldwide attention .
leading cadres 喊破 嗓子 干出 looks like 强将 hoodlums as the saying : there is no weak force .
李吕 two people , like japan 殖民者 to see china , NULL china , 贬低 china , 诅咒 china , are full of thank feelings . to the japanese aggressors
therefore , at present , we cannot rule out the new us government will adopt a relatively pragmatic attitude , and gradually improve and iran relations . in formulating the policy toward iraq
in the near future is facing three major tests if the bush administration taking office last two months the two sides is at a stage of mutual testing each other , run - in period , and it is in the next few months of sino - us relations between the two countries may face the three major tests .
first , violated china 's criminal law , and other laws .
guelleh , and djibouti are willing to further expand the process of economic development and participate in the development of friendly cooperation in all fields , the chinese side welcomed chinese enterprises to take part in the djibouti of mineral resources and natural resources , djibouti .
basically completed the social security system independent from enterprises and institutions , sources of diversification , the system of guaranteeing the standardized management service socialized .
comrade deng xiaoping honorary chairman .
even the people think the invitation of li hongzhi 's visit to taiwan , so as to him , led by the " the chain effect . . . " high - standard receptions to the
article 35 . a military scientific research units , and the contents of the examination academies and schools shall implement a military scientific research personnel 's term of office examination system . usually ideological and political research achievements , and the level of business and innovation capability , and so on .
at the end of last year , this 窘况 , a report of the us think tank commented that , in the control of the united states status of asia , " full mixed welcome , " because the asian financial crisis shows that , " when the friends of the united states will need assistance , the united states did not help them " .
under the such a situation the best choice of the united states is practical and conscientiously adherence to the one the china policy , to reduce or stop arms sales to taiwan , in particular , cannot the " divine NULL " system of offensive . sales
since the birth of marxism , and generation to generation of marxism follow the law of practice and understanding , again practice , 再认识 , with the times continuously study new situations , new problems , create new experiences , thereby promoting of marxism in the course of constantly open up the new realm .
measures , all measures can be strong .
we uphold according to the " one china , direct two - way links , and mutual benefit " principle , and promote the early realization of cross - strait " three links . "
li xiaoyan told the master " i 不在乎 得分 how much .
after traitor ! by the police in the threshold of our the tool of the case should also leave !
this plane collision incident , which occurred in the airspace over the south china sea , china has aroused strong indignation and in the near future , said : it is since the us government bombing of the chinese embassy in yugoslavia has a to the chinese people that they must repay the blood debt owed , point for .
beijing and washington handling this aircraft collision incident , add the variables of us arms sales to taiwan .
the us military plane as the us territory , the us side will intruded into china 's territorial airspace and landed at china sea water 南陵 at the airport , the most absurd enjoy immunity a series of demand . to the chinese side
the us plane violated the the relevant stipulations of the " un convention , and undermining the relevant consensus and the united states last may on avoiding dangerous military actions at sea reached .
just as president jiang zemin pointed out : the responsibility for this incident completely in the us side , the us side should apologize to the the chinese people .
fifth , it is necessary to protect the people and students patriotic enthusiasm , but urged everyone to adhere to the post , and should not 上街 demonstrations , and believe that the central government has the ability to handle the issue of sino - us relations .
justice is in people 's minds , the friendship of the chinese government and people of goodwill and restraint the fair assessment of the international community , including the people of the united states will be made .
the in 1997 , the development of the " kyoto protocol , is mankind in trying to control their own actions through so as to reduce the impact on climate change has reached an important international documents .
4月3日 the japanese government approved by the japanese right - wing scholars committee version of the history textbook for 2002 , , statements , through some distorted historical facts of aggression history 开脱 , even to the arrogance of 军国主义 .
all countries , regardless of the country , and small countries , both the south and the north , should become beneficiaries of globalization .
then president lagos the constitution square in front of the presidential palace to welcome president jiang zemin held a ceremony .
on 5 april , they water , because suffered from hypertension 住进 the troops a local hospital .
in his election campaign , to taking office , bush 's foreign policy is still uncertain , and various signs have shows that of the mainstream the dangerous signs of an .
XHZSS0024. 4329 20010407 ( xinhua ) - - president jiang zemin delivered a speech in the united nations latin america and the caribbean and economic committee santiago , 6 apr - - chinese state president jiang zemin said here on 6 june for latin america and the caribbean and economic committee the united nations , delivered a speech entitled the speech of the new century , " " jointly create the sino - latin american friendly cooperation .
we urge the consideration of developed countries , and take care of the interests of the developing countries jointly resolving the capital of developing countries has a heavy debt , and fragile financial and technological backwardness , and other issues .
zaldivar 's capacity of 1985年 of your excellency visited china , believe that you to visit china again and will see many changes have taken place in china , will certainly be very useful to enhancing understanding and promote our two sides sino - chilean the friendly cooperation between the .
at the same time , we also hope that china 's increase investment in chile the airport , port facilities , and better use of chile .
he said : chile have many good experiences in the legal system building we should study and reference .
when president jiang zemin and his wife wang yeping stepped down from the plane , has been the argentine president fernando de la rua and the argentine government officials greeted the ramp .
in the sensitive nerve the historical issue has always been the countries in the world by the japanese it brought barbaric aggression , however , for several years ago , the total number of people in japan the sustained constantly stimulate it .
in in china , japan , in the world can see that this touching scene .
the side of oversimplification history or clearly understand the historical can only further complicate by the protests of more and angry .
brasilia , 11 apr - - the steady development of sino - brazilian strategic partnership 杨立民 china and brazil is 东西半球 the two largest developing countries .
some people said that the industrial economy of the united states is not the main killer environment in the world , the - as .
the categories of the criminal now more than in the past , and harm the degree of over the past , the likelihood the " strike - hard " the most important link in safeguarding social stability and security .
we must implement the the principle of the " strike hard " in the investigation , arrest , prosecution , judicial , and supervision and management and transformation , and other crack down on crimes in various links , earnestly the " strike hard " the powerful joint force .
a sound of blessings telephone , a NULL kept warming the letter to us individually , the east of sokch 束 绽开 flowers , NULL into a shares love , the people 's concern and love of wang wei 's life to huzhou to the lingshui , sent to beijing to the day of the sea .
the spirit of the two sides have played a consultation and cooperation , he a " win - win " result of acceptable to both sides .
in other words , taiwan 's " 大脑 may very first piece of the aegis warships , " god 盾 warfare department , temporarily but also be found " body , " not the hull of taiwan .
the chinese communists will this sales to explain once help taiwan independence , it is a most sensitive " the us relations in the " nerve , 震怒 is true , the chinese communists .
if so , it is also necessary to god aegis destroyers ?
china 's economic and social undertakings with the tasks of great development , however , the development of is still very arduous , and we have the confidence to achieve its objectives .
wang wei is worthy of 好榜样 the study of officers and men of the whole army .
, and low base , with the same period of last year , the growth of investment 较快 the result of treasury bonds to increase the state investment projects 施工期 this year ahead of schedule a certain relations .
however , after the taiwan authorities the " no haste , be patient " policy in 1996 , the unemployment rate .
the us military reconnaissance plane argument : the chinese side tracking and monitoring the responsibility of the incident , in the chinese side .
we advise 自作聪明 the people , and should not 打错 miscalculated . "
a certain signal regiment of the guangzhou military region useful explorations .
more than 40 years , the 28 years and 15 years . in the convention and " elimination of all forms of racial discrimination in the international covenant " and the " international covenant on civil and political rights , the united states to the approval from the signing of the
these three cases and , henan , 常建立 , and other people robbery : sichuan 冉兴力 and other people robbery , and homicide , and guangdong 邓星众 and other people robbery , 盗窃案 .
, of which had fled overseas , some state - owned assets , a large number of loss , some state - owned enterprises following the harms society , very serious .
ammunition 枝 莫金英 and the others illegally sold guns and be used to robbery , homicide , NULL caused by the zhang jun criminal gangs more than casualties and huge amount of public and private property losses , such as the serious consequences .
when the public prosecutor read to when the " 被害人 张劲 , women , 29 - year - old " chongqing , the most severe punishment , NULL - year - old 张德贵 夺眶而出 tears .
the the pilot of the military reconnaissance plane at this time , a country 戴著 " a very merry christmas NULL " 抵近 the roar of the airspace of a sovereign country , " a very merry christmas gift " is a threat and provocation . in addition
the healthy and stable sino - japanese relations not only in line with the the fundamental interests of the people of the two countries and the future generations , and is also conducive to peace and development in the region and the world .
however , since the establishment of diplomatic relations and the united states the us side has not seriously , strictly perform obligations undertaken .
china is 大船 , the party good 舵手 .
zhang qiyue said : china has consistently opposed the japanese political leaders paying homage to the " yasukuni shrine . "
otherwise , , all the consequences can only produce a undertaken by the us side .
the taiwan military 's main battle weapon firing , most prominent as long - distance offensive weapons , overall combat capability outside the taiwan armed forces " fighting a decisive battle " new strategic concept , and also pay attention to in the exercise NULL tactical application for new - type weapons , so as to test their tactical technological functions , and effectively play various types of weapons .
in the study group to study the law in the evening , his house li hongzhi painting , " 虔诚 . "
he said : china and the eu countries have maintained the relationship between good and expressed the hope that this kind of friendly relations will be able to further strengthened .
he said : to china 's development and the achievements in economic construction the highly appreciates , to the austrian business circles will be able to take part in the development of china 's feel proud , and that in the future cooperation in various fields between the two sides full of confidence .
the continuous called the " falungong " forced to slip materials they operate mailbox , the 长篇 文传 , impact on them to accept other important letters and 文传 .
according to the analysis through this incident , people have noticed that the bush administration 's china policy is moving closer to the the third proposal .
however , in the past year and more the new leader of the taiwan authorities always does not recognize the the one - china principle , have repeatedly denied the consensus of the two associations in 1992 .
the editorial believe that no matter if the first " consensus " negated , causing the most basic dialogue and exchanges have started to the fruits of how much 修辞 华丽 , it is 奢 said in the next step is to reduce a misunderstanding .
the tang jiaxuan and his party is on 27 june after the end of the formal visit to ukraine arrived in moscow to attend the foreign ministers of the " shanghai five " meeting and formal visit to russia .
the key is to further strengthen leading cadres at all levels , judicial personnel and administrative law enforcement personnel of young people , and education in the legal system of enterprise management personnel .
i hope that you will become seeking truth , 勇 for innovation .
in at present , the global economy of interdependence of the times the developing countries and economic transformation of the country 's economic will inevitably suffer the impact of national industry , in particular , major economic power economic growth to slow down .
however , new delhi , at least should 静观 situation , rather than rashly inclining tendency of any . in a short period of
the taiwan compatriots strongly demands that the the taiwan authorities recognize the the 1992 consensus , hope to resume the arats - sef consultations , as soon as possible to improve cross - strait relations .
smuggling materials thick 七十四
these they are not want to , 扪心自问 work i am a their son , and can read the university 's republic of china , minister of past many years , i was 问心无愧 .
侯小虎 and the others conditions for use in customs work , perform this , their business - harvesting , has acted as a very disgraceful role . the smuggling criminal activities as a whole
however , due to natural conditions NULL , the peasants ' livelihood there are still many difficulties .
bush said : " we need a a new framework , so that we can establish to deal with the missile defense system in the world today to all kinds of different threat . "
wu jianmin the so - called : " the political said , is to engage in confrontation , but confrontation is unpopular .
we people from the religious circles truly understand freedom of religious belief , 妄加 comments on the united states has the right to freedom of religious belief for china .
the internal meeting forming a three - point consensus said that us president bush since taking office , that is , china as a strategic competition pressure on china , the opponents . even 恫吓 .
bush 重提 at present , the implementation of the this plan , is obviously deliberate violations of the " anti - ballistic missile treaty " in the security of the cornerstone of the world , and trigger the new round of the arms race .
he repeatedly stressed that india will seek the establishment of friendly relations with china , cooperation , and diplomatic ties of good - neighborly and mutual benefit . the public occasions
here , president jiang zemin 1997年7月1日 declared to the whole world : the chinese government resumed the exercise of the sovereignty , the prc the hong kong sar government the founding of the hong kong .
the use of view , on the one hand , attract foreign capital in the cost of a relatively high , on the other hand , it reserves a lot of low income from the funds foreign exchange of assets ; on the other hand has global two - thirds of its foreign exchange reserve , the impact on the other hand have the ability to resist the international speculation capital .
in order to avoid 大进大出 of funds , causing impact of the asian financial market , the asian countries should make joint efforts to establish a the bond market of asia 's reunification .
scientific and technological exchanges and cooperation , and industrial promote each other , and will help to promote the deepening of the cross - strait economic cooperation .
the chinese side and all sides have maintained exchange and contact purpose is to eventually solve the multilateral talks in geneva these problems .
the us citizens of chinese descent anti - cult association advocated by in 1933 the founding of the new york federation of overseas chinese 衣馆 in new york on 28 july announced its founding .
yunnan province 高院 this case the final , sentenced yuebin to death , of political rights for life , and in their property 500,000 yuan , 罚金 10,000 yuan .
china and the united states have not reached any agreement . on how to return of the spy plane
fourth , perfect the system of laws and regulations on national defense education , strengthen the supervision and inspection of law enforcement the " national defense education law " the national defense law " and the " education " the relevant provisions of the national defense education in this connection , but also provided the basis for the improvement of the the system of laws and regulations and rules of national defense education .
some us media 充斥 a lot of remarks , and the cartoon sneered at the chinese people . recently ,
at the airport , NULL premier gave a brief a written speech .
the finance ministers will this report well , and held that NULL in a timely manner , hope to continue to hold .
the midst of pakistan economic rejuvenation plan , the chinese government is willing to actively take part in , and make efforts to pakistan economic development . advancing china 's enterprises
from a long - term the rise of view , india is only a time , i would like to become " a unipolar world " india whether or not to be numerous interests of the conflicts or 未知数 . with the united states
originally , armitage a letter to indian prime minister vajpayee a letter to bush 's trust , NULL 舅 dream 谕 the specific , the date of treatment .
after going through many years under control , and the track of twists and turns , the indian - us relations will eventually 攴 NULL ツ page , after into the improvement and cooperation .
in order to fully guarantee for 僧尼 and the masses of religious believers the freedom of belief , and the central and tibet local governments in the past 10 years , a total of more than 300 million yuan , for the monasteries and religious activity venues for maintenance .
solve the problem of the haihe river valley water , and in particular , the issue of beijing , tianjin , and other big cities of water . the overall situation of relations of the has great significance .
wang chunzheng the responsible persons of relevant departments accompanying vice premier li lanqing on his inspection tour is , xu rongkai , 高强 , 吕新奎 .
in this situation and two years ago , the " two - state theory " spindle 神似 very much .
the continuous development of the along with the progress of society , mankind their own capability , and demonstrated its strength is increasing .
huang ju the shanghai young people conscientiously study and the study and what role models of advanced deeds of the ten of the whole army .
zhejiang 牛头山 .
in 1996 , after the crisis in the taiwan strait contradiction in cross - strait relations , evolved from " who represents " and " how to reunification , " the increasingly intense struggle of opposing independence and promoting reunification .
in order to ensure the acts of night mobility , they 无 照明 , during the night 课目 as to strengthen training , technical support through the division of integration , training , and other forms of training , 轮训 , and gradually the " bottleneck " of night mobile operations .
if the nmd program 付诸实施 , and will damage the global strategic balance and stability , damage and caused among the major powers mutual trust and cooperation , and obstructed the process of international disarmament and antiproliferation efforts , the new round of the arms race .
your country has with a long history and beautiful scenery and rich in resources .
according to reports , the seven year since chen shui - bian administration took office , the number of people of the whole island commit suicide 二千六百 , the average daily , create , and suicides the reason most of them is because the unemployed . over the past years of the ninth
this warned us that it is very important and very timely manner .
in the taiwan authorities in march this year , all the more openly support the island " taiwan independence " elements 纠合 for the first time in together , " will be held in the island to taiwan , " and staged a 丑剧 of " taiwan independence . "
before proceeding all inspection team members of the concentrated training .
the history of both sides , cultural traditions , social systems different national conditions , and also exist differences , but we share similar views , and common interests in many major international issues .
over the past 50 years , the central government and people of all nationalities throughout the country is very much concerned about and support for tibet 's development and progress .
after the end of the cold war , dialogue , instead of confrontation , and cooperation replace confrontation has become the common aspiration of the people of all countries in the world .
last year , the new stage , both sides agreed to promote this relationship to a all - round cooperation . "
the economic cooperation between the two countries further expand and venezuela has become hong kong and investment in china and latin american countries .
略知一二 people for their style of conducting clear , he again in the performance .
if the reason is quite simple , have lost their not be able to not only the one - china principle as the foundation of cross - strait relations and cross - strait contacts and talks , but also cross - strait peaceful reunification will also become cannot .
" the traditional concept " weapons , for example , tanks , artillery , has become even the aircraft carrier has already outdated .
han seung soo stressed that since president kim tae - chung continue to pursue the ruling party , and the rok government set policy toward the dprk , spoke highly of the the chinese side , especially in the peace process on the korean peninsula to promote a positive role in maintaining regional peace and stability .
for this reason , we have formulated the fourth five - year plan . propaganda and education in the legal system
li peng over the past 10 years , relations between the two countries have made progress in a positive assessment of diplomatic relations , brunei sultan and the royal family members have made important contributions for promoting relations between the two countries .
jiang chunyun said : the past few years , the chinese family planning to defend herself commended a large number of advanced units and progressive individuals , various localities in the whole country with a number of advanced models , how to promoting the reform of these typical experiences , and bring them over 开花结果 , and promote the association for the overall level of the work , a major event of the need to exert efforts .
jiang chunyun also pointed out that it is necessary to pay attention to play to the role of the family planning association of carrying out to promote the work of the association at all levels .
问道 .
the specific - 有旧 structure is concerned , the crash of the " completely two systems , " or have implemented the policy of reform and a small number of hostile forces ' interference .
we should firmly believe that the party has the ability to ways to solve some contradictions , difficulties and problems in the process of the current the course of reform .
the us new military strategy will lead the world what is ?
the the issue of whether we can seriously and expose problems , and is a severe test for leading cadres .
in his speech , hu jintao expounded the current international situation , the basic characteristics , analyzed a number of new trends , new changes have appeared .
li peng stressed : the implementation of the organic law of villagers committees , firm the confidence and determination of the peasant masses to follow the building of the socialist road with chinese characteristics the foundation as the ruling party in the rural areas consolidate and carry forward the the superiority of the socialist system in our country .
the key and difficult problems , the main leadership of the in particular , it is necessary to communicate with the personally relevant local departments consultation , and jointly study and solution ensure all the resettlement policy implementation .
bush said that trade between china and the united states and conducive to the agricultural producers and industrial and commercial enterprises of the united states .
once after the war , japan 's right - wing groups was dissolved the right - wing forces be greatly weakened .
these measures forcefully shows that china 's determination to adhere to the policy of reform and opening to the outside world , embodies china 's positive position toward multilateral economic cooperation played a constructive role . to promote the progress of apec trade and investment liberalization
this point , even many people of insight in taiwan 看出来 .
张健 he is the first was the destruction of units of the cpc to cope with barehanded students , after several hours , he a vehicle by the students to the hospital , still the four injured , students , and 满目疮痍 , the hospital casualties has committed towering innocent students and workers of the support of movement of the people .
武宽 another topic of apec trade ministers is how to promote the implementation of the three action plan , that is , all the members of the program of action , collective action plan , and economic and technological cooperation plan .
a few days ago , tel aviv committed suicide a vicious attack incident , caused the death of more than 10 , nearly 100 people injured .
the results of peace talks did not come easily , but all the more important is the implementation of the 践诺 .
therefore , when it once again 重生 , the strength of the 醯 strong , has been 扇 in addition , the output increased .
experts believe that , increase and create the employment opportunities , should become the work of the government .
according to the the total " army " to taiwan this exercise will be launched , exercise in the valley 关丽阳 areas of taiwan in the central leading roles of is the special combat brigade 第862 taiwan armed forces have only airborne special combat capability .
in accordance with the provided the rok , the relevant departments of the japanese government only also announced that 8 june , stop from 禽 category of imported products to china .
question : the evil cult , undermine the laws , administrative laws and regulations the implementation of the in manufacturing , and disseminating cult propaganda materials , , " explanation 2 " how to the provisions ?
apart from signing of the the above - mentioned two agreements , has also made " alma - ata statement , " and the " dushanbe statement " bishkek statement .
the policy of the united states , is always the most priority consideration . with the national interests of the united states
since the beginning of reform and opening up , our country 's economic system and the mode of economic operation , social organizational forms , and the production and life of the masses profound changes . have taken place in
" 大跃进 " and the " cultural revolution " is the two large - scale 麴 折 .
he said : , and explore how to build socialism in china , " 於毛 , a deng . "
adhering to the our belief in the party , it is necessary to strengthen ideological and political work , strengthen ideal and belief education .
you have been ! "
the six heads of also jointly met with chinese and foreign reporters , and attended the president jiang zemin hosted a luncheon held for attending the meeting of the heads of state and his delegation .
shanghai , 15 jun ( 周晓华 潘清 ) - - chinese foreign ministry , vice minister of 张德广 said : today the " shanghai cooperation organization " all member states of the heads of state meeting agenda of the have smoothly completed the predicted target have been achieved a complete success .
he said : the purpose and principles of the organization in line with the interests of the state and the people of uganda .
with the norms of mutual relations between the member states of the " shanghai spirit " of the " shanghai cooperation organization " will have a beautiful prospects for development .
it is necessary to carry out the foreign exchange of letters of credit payment through the the business and inspection , to crack down on the use of the background of credit without genuine trade the financing and foreign exchange activities the relevant parties concerned must be strictly handled .
at present , the the " incubator " of the domestic is the most the goals of facilities set up by the government , due to the government limited resources , the scope of its services have been greatly restrictions , many enterprises are very promising loss of development and expansion .
second , it is necessary to actively organize the development of a variety of the masses in disaster areas operations , and open up more income channels .
although in which has the government consideration to the political stand and did not to support in policy , and constantly also reminded the nongovernmental units it is necessary to pay attention to the united front work department of the cpc and the viewpoint of the non - governmental a more supporters , tendency .
in recent years , the two countries ' friendly cooperation continuously expanding , and achieved the positive results .
NULL officers on active service or left the army 退役 generals our side should have medium - range missiles this kind of strategic deterrent weapons , 纵使 it is not nuclear bomb .
how to bring into play the a greater role ? china 's financial industry , and the capital market
the pfp also expressed their opposition .
quite a few provinces have 订出 measures dismissal 无能 cadres .
the ministry of strategic studies of military sciences research fellow 罗源 history and facts have shown that , the outcome of a war is not rely on the two new weapons decision .
i met with chancellor gerhard schroeder , had talks with mueller , minister of economic over the past few days , have extensive contact entrepreneurs , the visit has yielded fruitful results .
this kind of viewpoint should be 商榷 .
this rumsfeld 's new military strategy , this important strategic the " cornerstone of " and war preparations for key to the hidden security of the asia , so as to cope with possible " damage the us national interests in the region and major events . "
however , no matter how to lee teng - hui has indeed played the results of restraint . to 连宋 alliance ,
this year , 6.26 " and " international narcotics control the eve of japan , on these problems an interview with a the national narcotics control commission and director of the minister of public security jia chunwang .
he stressed that the us - china relations , the two sides should make joint efforts to improve and develop this relationship .
speed up the pace of industry and the readjustment of the regional structure , promoted optimize the structure and industrial upgrading .
the police will import 上山 which demonstrations and welcome the people are separated by a mountain , a mountain , lee teng - hui up from another to evade protests of the masses .
the twists and turns 前进 , the road of exploration the successful , and will suffer setbacks .
he expressed the hope that through the study of the this visit the advanced experiences of the chinese armed forces , further promote the development of relations between the two countries and the two armed forces in the new century .
the shanghai 厉正宏 29 jun - - ( xinhua ) - - the shanghai municipal to mark the the 80 th anniversary of the founding of the communist party of china the meeting , held a grand this afternoon .
the work of strictly administering the party , we must comprehensively implement the party 's ideological , political , organizational , and work style building and truly embody to carry out education on party organizations at all levels and the broad masses of party members and cadres , management , and supervision of every link of .
li peng said : china 's great importance to the important role of the us congress , hope that the the united states member of the positive role . into full play to promoting relations between the two countries
qingdao " missile destroyers the past few days , the navy is the sea training " , NULL 争先 创优 enthusiasm .
the plane collision incident has shown that , if china 's position 於或 regard china as to create " enemy will inevitably cause tremendous damage . the international interests of the united states
the overall level of informationization enterprises in our country is not high , the process of .
the second is to promote the reform of the financial system , the department budget system it is necessary to actively promote the reform , the state treasury centralized the receipt - payment system reform and fee - to - reform , " revenue and expenditure continue to conscientiously implement the " stipulations , NULL strengthen supervision and management of funds .
the propaganda department of the organization department of the regional party committee , and responsible comrades of the united front work department of the also attended the the study of the regional party committee theory study central group .
the central government attaches great importance to , and the party committees support , and the masses warm to take part in , and economic conditions allow 天时 , and human conditions , the people and the situation very good .
in the course of a cordial and friendly conversation jiang zemin welcomed zanoun at the request of the arab inter - parliamentary union to the situation in the middle east .
she expressed the hope that the association of foreign investment enterprises continue to play its role as a bridge between the government and enterprises in the future , more reflected in the opinions of investment in china entrepreneurs and requirements .
sources encouraging the nongovernmental figures intends to invest in china and media , has some people are to step up planning and the march towards the media industry .
in to obtain , through the implementation of this principle , the japanese military technology , NULL development , some technical aspect of even exceeded the united states .
it is necessary to encourage retired demobilized officers and men , and to work in poverty - stricken areas , as the poverty - stricken areas contributions to the wisdom and strength of economic and social development .
the responsible persons of relevant departments of various special committees and organs of the cppcc national committee , attended the meeting as observers .
on the evening of 9 yang hyong - sop , vice chairman of the dprk supreme people session of the standing committee of the held in pyongyang at taiwan 议事堂 the banquet , to welcome china friendship delegation headed by vice chairman jiang chunyun .
he said : the successful beijing 's bid to host will be chinese ambassador to russia wu tao , 张茅 and a good . the beijing municipal government leading 杜德印 attended the meeting .
third , it is necessary to strengthen the side of the information network law enforcement and judicial .
the purchasing price and directly under the central 热电厂 供热 boils at the same time pursued through superordinate supervision , NULL 蚕茧 the factory prices of management by provincial level departments in charge of pricing .
to maintain the advanced nature of the party , it is necessary to comprehensively step up in accordance with the the requirements of the " three represents " the building of the party .
many enthusiastic in the development of cross - strait relations between the arats and the taiwan to be some practical things parties , organizations , and people from all walks of the rights and interests of compatriots on both sides to handle in this regard .
he said that further the " peaceful reunification and one country , two systems " during his lifetime mr. deng xiaoping , is the basic principle for resolving the taiwan issue .
if the two sides will to compel there is no alternative 非得 official contacts another model of consultations , the various 戴著 " belarus 手套 " nongovernmental organizations , and this is the mainland contacts with taiwan .
why the chief executive , a city under the " one country , two systems " in the international community will gain this high - profile reception ?
people are hailing smiling , 跳跃 , up for him 浸润 a lively .
officials of the eu countries the birth of the " kyoto protocol " japan the negative attitude of the agreement cannot understand .
the article said : the new treaty should also promote the development of the economic cooperation between the two countries .
the war of aggression launched in the history of japanese militarism , has been greatly hurt the national feeling of the people of asia .
second , has further explicitly the sino - russian strategic cooperation at different levels in the direction of operation .
the well - known economist wu jinglian the chinese government implementation of the proactive fiscal policy and stimulate the supply - side policy achieved remarkable achievements , as long as we continue to adhere to the policy of this , china 's economic growth this year will still very strong .
this year , the cotton sown area of increase are , it is necessary to pay attention to prevent the occurrence of " 打白条 " and " the peasants to sell cotton " issue .
it is learned that following the NULL cases , above all case " protective umbrella " was also legal sanctions .
the balance of short - term loans 5万亿 ? yuan , increasing 2482亿 billion yuan , an additional 360亿 billion yuan .
in recent years , the research institute of the achieved a large number of scientific and technological innovations , and provide a powerful technical support for the building of our army 's combat effectiveness of new - type missile weapons .
to take part in the united nations this year , i might have 翻新 , and it is learned that the government 's internal is whether or not to " apply for a as an observer " i way to take part in the united nations . discussion ,
ye zhen also pointed out that , the stimulating role of economic growth should be weakened to the contradictions and problems need to cause a high degree of attention .
the direct 传到 equipment management center , the various statements , the radar station can also e - mail the regiment in equipment management center , the radar station at any time NULL registration statistical data and materials storage situations began to " science and technology " management .
he advocated by the " government of all people after his return to taiwan , less than two months , " collapsed , the dpp 被迫 a " minority government , " the construction of the " nuclear four " lead to an opposition party alliance confrontation the dpp , taiwan 's political situation the chaotic state of turbulence .
in order to reach the above targets , chen shui - bian we must fully displayed taiwan to the united states checks the chinese mainland 's taiwan relations with the united states 亲近 role as a " bargaining chip , " and 显现 seek hegemony in asia and the world at large .
he in august last year when chen shui - bian the first visit respectively gave the dominican 哥斯达黎加 $ 布基纳法索 四百六十万四千二百万三千万 red packets , claimed that the the new government 's case aid loans case of the old regime will " afford to sum up , " and ensure the future " aid will increase . "
in on the contrary , high - level officials , including president chen shui - bian in view of the united states often the words and deeds of humiliation and are sunk .
in the near future and technological progress also shows that the , the troops structural adjustment through the majority of combat force structure and their battle and support service support the improvement of to increase by a big margin combat effectiveness .
the central delegation , deputy head of the 帕巴拉 . namgyai , wang zhongyu , wang zhaoguo , xu caihou , the tibet autonomous region responsible persons of the party , government , and political commissar of the chengdu military region 杨德清 took part in activities .
fourth , the " the taiwan government will continue to maintain the framework . "
the two sides on sino - uruguayan relations and international and regional issues of common concern extensive and in - depth exchange of views and achieved an important consensus .
second , , to create public opinion , the spearhead of the so - called unstable factors in asia to the chinese .
once war in the taiwan strait broke out , the us government will face two difficult choices : we must " face 打退堂鼓 ; " is " it is necessary to a tragic conclusion of the war . " with china
the people of taiwan understanding of the mainland , more and more and is willing to and the mainland compatriots exchanges , these important opportunity for further improve the cross - strait relations , to the people with hope .
the facts have proven that this is the fundamental cry out .
it is necessary to earnestly take the policy of curing the in increase of rectifying and crackdown at the same time , , perfect the relevant laws and regulations , and law enforcement mechanism , and gradually standardized market behavior , the establishment of a good order of the market economy .
at the present stage china 's relatively abundant funds and capital outflow of benefits the international competition and accumulated experience in the development of globalization .
the mid ' 80 s , the japanese emperor the 20 th century to 1997 with the theme of the stage of accounting computerization is mainly computerization replace the manual 峒坪 order 悖 speed up the speed of accounting , improve the accuracy .
by economic the united states , japan , and the impact in the taiwan region , the rok , and 东南亚地区 stock market and searched , the currency exchange rate a major devaluation , economic the danger of retrogression , or even a financial turmoil and recovery and setbacks .
he further pointed out that china 's wto accession and the development of china 's economic the asean regional is useful , " because it represents a greater investment and trade market . "
beijing time 八时十五分 , powell 's special plane arrived at the national .
this reporter has learned on a few days ago jiangsu 's coastal defense work conference was held a few days ago , the province integrated the security of the coastal defense management system has been early results .
commentator : the outstanding representatives of the leading cadres in the new period
the people 's liberation army is the embodiment of the party and the state political advantages an important force the new situation and tasks , we must more consciously hold high the banner of safeguarding the core .
first , the development of a number of large companies and enterprise groups the overall situation of economic development in recent years , many comrades deeply understand , it is necessary to take part in international competition , china 's still lack of such a number of large companies and enterprise groups have international competitiveness .
the conscientiously studying in the new historical conditions , and consciously practicing the " three represents " important thinking of the is the fundamental requirement for the communist party members at the age of the forefront , maintain the advanced nature .
their common on 1 october 1999 , the national day the 50 th anniversary of the large - scale military parade and the chinese army , navy , and air force , the second guns NULL bombs .
some policy - related the problem of strong , it is necessary to strictly in accordance with the the spirit of the central authorities propaganda , to prevent " 刮风 . "
in fact , this is not what is unexpected , because the image of the the card of his , in the party have all along with the bullish superpower .
we must resolutely safeguard the the absolute leadership of the leadership of the party and opposition to deny the party over the armed forces in the name of the state . next year . the reunification of the world : what : china 's military spending will increase by a big margin it ?
in during the war years , uphold the party 's absolute leadership over the armed forces , frequently , a large number of reflected in the 南征北战 to fulfill the tasks of the party 's 武装斗争 , 浴血 struggle .
老同志 the spirit of the study and comprehend " 1 july " speech , said that they are the responsibility of the event of the whole party , as a veteran comrades , ideological , and we cannot retired party members obligations cannot 丢 , we must conscientiously study and firmly support general secretary jiang zemin , general secretary of the " 1 july " important speech .
during the un general assembly in the autumn , and the united states has high - level meeting , powell has invited foreign minister tang jiaxuan to visit washington after the meeting .
serious threat to the us economy is still facing a recession , the european economy are good , the japanese economy more poor .
since 1993 , i can gain a visa to visit the mainland .
this is the history of human civilization to the an important inspiration .
biden although taiwan 's democratization cheering , however , adhere to the interests of the united states .
we should pay close attention to the establishment of cadres recommendation , inspection , and decided to discuss the responsibility system , all of the " regulations regulations , in terms of system to prevent and eliminate the employment of unhealthy tendencies and corrupt of the occurred .
the the socialist system , in the final analysis , self - development and improving is a system innovation issue .
the class - a war criminals , is 阵亡 the far east international military tribunal for the verdict of the most heinous crimes during those war , and they are punishable by 绞刑 , or 自决 the author , absolutely cannot be treated in general .
second , , and adhere to marxism 's must be given by it style and characteristics of the chinese nation concentrated reflection of the the chinese nation 's outstanding results of civilization and the practical experience of our party .
at the same time , 梗 development of the global economy counterparts in in order . 2 . 贾义 and the development of socialism , and has provided a historic opportunity .
in reporter : the revision of the " regulations the aspect of improving and perfecting the legal responsibility , and increase the intensity of punishment on illegal acts what new rules ?
practice has proven that oil , we need to intensify overseas investment china 's oil companies capable of overseas businesses , 拿回 the proportion of more to the country and to strive for a relatively rapid increase the ratio of share of oil in the import of oil .
people cannot help but ask : lee teng - hui intends to what ?
the agreement reached by the united states and russia both sides caused the universal concern of the international media . however , the practical significance to the agreement , the parties concerned , however , there are different explanations .
. " percent , mankind gene implementing the group leader of the group - year plan " the actual 工作量 observing the in this part of repeatedly unexpected eight times research fellow of the chinese 联系人 杨焕明 said .
i often hold discussions with the leaders of the democratic parties a number of major issues .
" 出征 military personnel " prior to departure , it is necessary to to this " 壮行 , " 死后 will again 灵牌 放回 here , has become a so - called " god of protecting the nation . "
the all relevant that war of aggression , within the yasukuni shrine is " greater east asia war " and even 妄称 " greater east asia war " is " jihad " the japanese army from under the rule of the white liberation of asian countries .
公明党 god 崎 武法 represents said that although " it is paying homage to the regret prime minister , avoid in august 15 strong objections since the day the war was finally , but to escape the neighboring countries .
during world war ii , the japanese militarists NULL trampling on 大半个 asia , the japanese militarists and blood debt owed numerous grave disasters . caused to the the broad masses of the people
sixth , rectify the printing industry .
in the new democratic 锩 蜕 of the socialist revolution 甯 on the islets NULL the history of development stage of , the working class is always the leading class , and the vast number of peasants is always the allies should be the most reliable of the working class .
the police substation of the shanghai 虹桥 road after the police quickly rushed to the scene to deal with in a timely manner put a stop to the further development of the situation .
supplementary " he said : the requirements of our " the cpc central committee prudent , 操之过急 but will bring there are many problems .
the propagation of increasing an informed sources , member of the local also said that supplement the issue of the beidaihe meeting decided , member of the political bureau of the 为难 .
the younger bush would not to persuade the elder bush unilaterally announced that withdraw from the balkans , we should more actively take part in the course of the middle east affairs , the improvement and restoration 's relations with the dprk the security dialogue . the two sides
it is learned that the guidance of the " commercial banks , commercial banks the supervision and management of offshore organizations , and the information exchanges and cooperation with foreign supervisory departments of the regulations and clear requirements .
the vast sea is not see the border areas and tremendous 浪涛 寂静 in the sound of 划破 night , government officials , a wave of a wave of the NULL in the past , it seems that we must over the 吞噬 .
this is the an impassable " 红线 . "
after the cold war the us decision - makers of the view that the challenges of the asia - pacific region will have to europe , therefore , we need to intensify for the security of the asia - pacific region input .
again for the deliberation of the draft law the draft of the : prevent the draft revision of the draft desertification law of the criminal law 第三百四十二 第四百一十 the draft law for the prevention and treatment of occupational diseases use of the law on management of maritime space .
those in the past , due to domestic protection , to the cause of the ⒍系 was to stop the beginning of the domestic product , will no longer the restrictions .
the the non - public economy is actively force promoting china 's economic development and social progress .
in the period of economic growth has 渐变 过渡性 , it is not a stable and standardized and the mode of economic growth .
the source said : some time ago , , policies , and further stimulate domestic demand in the second half has had discussed at the beidaihe conference and become a decision - making .
china 's accession to the wto will come soon , taiwan businessmen expressed the hope that the beach landing sharing the hinterland market , as 还魂 丹 , such a trend of recovery of taiwan 's economy will not have any change this is because chen shui - bian 's policy .
NULL pointed out that drugs are the public hazard of human society .
tian zengpei said : china believes that the establishment of a non - nuclear zone is an effective way to prevent the proliferation of nuclear weapons .
tien hung - mao said that , in view of the attention of the united states by various countries in the un general assembly words and deeds , it is expected that the us side if the time comes to i 沉默 , will be affected britain , france , and other countries in the attitude of the united nations to the case .
the investment of foreign venture capital companies in china , are basically the traditional company investment , directly set up risk investment funds and operation conducted basically no .
under this is precisely the background , bush has to certain adjustment , some become a pragmatic . some to the foreign policy of
china has left over from the old china trouble with most neighboring countries , has drawn up by the border .
