第二 , 综合治理 .

second , comprehensive management .
让 人 担心 的 就是 这 火箭 头顶 上 的 飞船 .

what people worried about was the spacecraft atop the rocket .
事在人为 , 中国 载人 航天 必须 走 好 第一 .

it all depends on human effort , and china must take a good first step in manned spaceflight .
据介绍 , 全国 政协 港澳台 侨 委员会 去年 将对 台 工作 列为 工作 重点 .

as related , the hong kong , macao , taiwan , and overseas chinese committee under the national cppcc committee last year designated the work towards taiwan as the priority of its work .
汤曜明 : 我 充分 掌握 共军 动态 王炯华 . 台北 讯

chief of general staff tang yao - ming yesterday said that the national army is able to fully keep abreast of mainland troop movements during taiwan 's presidential election .
全面 接轨 必将 促进 中国 全面 变革 .

such a full - scale convergence will surely prompt china to launch an all - round reform .
石广生 对此 表示 感谢 .

shi guangsheng thanked him for his support .
白皮书 还 指出 , 台湾 实行 " 一国两制 " 的 内容 , 可以 比 港澳 更 宽松 .

the white paper also stresses : taiwan may apply a looser form of the " one country , two systems " principle than hong kong and macao .
王绍鸿 是 1997年3月 经 人 介绍 , 本着 强身 健体 的 初衷 走进 练功 点 的 .

wang shaohong was introduced to falun gong exercises in march 1997 believing that it can help cure illnesses and terminal diseases .
政企 分开 , 是 国有 企业 改革 的 一个 重大 主题 .

separating government functions from enterprise management is the key theme of state enterprise reform .
2月24日 , 李鹏 在 张家港市 领导干部 " 三 讲 " 教育 会议 上 讲了话 .

on 24 february , li peng spoke at the meeting on the " three stresses " education held by the leading cadres of zhangjiagang city .
参加 提案 的 委员 1756 人 , 占 委员 总数 的 795% .

members of the cppcc national committee who had participated in making such proposals numbered 1,756 , accounting for 79.5 percent of the total .
听 完 汇报 , 江 总书记 对 公司 的 快速 发展 满意 地 点头 赞许 .

after hearing the report , general secretary jiang approvingly nodded his head to show his appreciation for the company 's rapid development .
他 首先 回顾 了 人民政协 过去 一 年 来 的 工作 .

he first reviewed the work of people 's political consultation in the past year .
在 李瑞环 主席 主持 下 , 大会 首先 审议 通过 了 政协 第九届 全国 委员会 第三 会议 议程 .

presided over by chairman li ruihuan , the session first examined and approved the agenda of the third session of the ninth cppcc national committee .
随着 改革开放 和 社会主义 现代化 建设 的 发展 , 人民代表大会制度 将会 越来越 完善 , 越来越 发挥 重要 作用 .

with the development of reform , opening up and socialist modernization , the system of people 's congresses will become more perfect and will play an increasingly important role .
此外 , 国防费 支出 增加 了 百分之十二点七 .

besides , the expenditures for national defense will increase by 12.7 percent .
当今 世界 , 科学 发展 , 日新月异 ; 思想 文化 交流 , 相互 激荡 .

in the current world , science develops rapidly and changes in each passing day .
反腐倡廉 也 必须 从 严格 加强 管理 抓起 .

it is also essential to start with strict management in opposing corruption and promoting honesty .
譬如 , 加大 劳动 密集型 产品 的 出口 经营 , 就 能为 国内 提供 大量 的 就业 机会 .

for example , increasing the export of labor - intensive products can provide a lot of job opportunities at home .
香 鬯 械 拿 褚獠验 均 表明 , 香港 人 支持 全国 人大 常委会 解释 基本法 .

the results of all opinion polls conducted in hong kong show the hong kong people support the interpretation on the basic law made by the npc standing committee .
世纪之交 召开 的 全国 政协 九 届 三 会议 今天 落下 帷幕 .

the curtain has fallen on the third session of the ninth national committee of the chinese people 's political consultative conference [ cppcc ] .
各国 驻华 使节 应邀 旁听 闭幕 会 .

diplomats of various countries in china were invited to attend the closing session as observers .
舒圣佑 , 王明善 , 周绍森 , 刘炎玲 等 代表 在 会上 先后 发言 .

shu shengyou , wang mingshan , zhou shaosen , and liu yanling took the floor , respectively .
要 加快 经济 结构 的 战略性 调整 , 提高 国民经济 的 整体 素质 .

we should speed up strategic adjustment of the economic structure and improve the overall quality of the economy .
继续 实施 积极 的 财政 政策 , 促进 投资 需求 较快 增长 , 鼓励 和 引导 消费 .

the state should continue the proactive fiscal policy , promote the relatively rapid growth of investment demand , and encourage and guide consumption .
萨苏 总统 对 有机会 会见 李鹏 委员长 和 夫人 表示 很 高兴 .

president sassou - nguesso said he was pleased to meet li and his wife during this visit .
面对 这种 情形 , 我们 决不能 等闲视之 .

faced with this situation , we must not regard it as unimportant .
他 认为 台湾 人民 应 支持 用 一个 中国 原则 来 处理 两岸 关系 .

he believes the taiwan people should support application of the one - china principle in handling cross - strait relations .
这是 南京 军区 驻 沪 某 基地 船运 大队 正在 实施 新 课目 训练 的 两 镜头 .

these were shots of a new training session undertaken by the shipping general unit of the nanjing military region stationed at an unidentified base in shanghai .
根据 国际法 准则 , 叙 以 两国 将 共同 享有 太巴列湖 的 水资源 .

observing international regulations , the two countries would both enjoy the water resources of lake tiberias .
据统计 , 1990年 至 1998年 间 , 外国 向 中国 的 高科技 出口 增加 了 将近 500% .

according to statistics , from 1990 to 1998 , hi - tech exports by foreign countries to china increased by nearly 500 percent .
为什麽 说话 一会儿 这样 一会儿 那样 , 闪闪 烁烁 游游 移 移 ?

why do they say one thing today and another tomorrow , flitting back and forth at will ? they do n't know what to do .
这些 企业 代表 了 国有 企业 走向 市场 成功的 一面 .

these enterprises represented the successful aspect of the soe move toward the market .
在 记名 制 条件 下 , 个人 收入 缺乏 相对 集中 的 账户 , 难以 统计 和 征税 .

under the name - registration system , statistical compilation and tax collection on personal incomes are hard because of the lack of relatively centralized accounts for personal incomes .
但是 , 我们 也 清醒 地 认识到 实践 中 还 存在 不少 问题 .

but we are also soberly aware that there still exist many problems in practice .
又 说 : " 人类 制定 的 法律 就是 在 机械 地 限制 人 , 封闭 人 ......

he continued : " the laws enacted by man are aimed at mechanically imposing restrictions on people and placing people in confinement .
我们 予以 高度 赞赏 .

we highly appreciate this .
在 谈判 的 最后 , 拉米 重申 了 欧盟 的 承诺 -- 支持 中国 尽早 加入 WTO.

at the end of the negotiations , lamy reiterated the eu 's commitment to supporting china 's entry to the wto as early as possible .
思想 政治 工作 是 我们 党 的 优良 传统 和 政治 优势 .

ideological and political work is our party 's fine tradition and political advantage .
在 国民党 内 , 他 玩弄 权术 手腕 , 排挤 异己 , 顺我者昌 , 逆我者亡 .

within the kuomintang [ kmt ] , he played politics ; used artifice ; discriminated against people who hold different views ; and saw to it that those who submit will prosper , those who resist shall perish .
在 " 一个 中国 " 的 原则 问题 上 , 港人 支持 特首 这 一 立场 .

on the issue of the one china principle , hong kong people support the position expressed by the chief executive .
李登辉 在位 十几 年 , 基本上 是 一个 搞 分裂 , 搞 " 台独 " 的 过程 .

lee teng - hui 's several decades of rule is basically a process of engaging in splittism and " taiwan independence . "
吴邦国 强调 , 要 依法 从严 从快 查处 各类 事故 , 全面 落实 责任制 .

wu bangguo emphasized : all kinds of accidents should be investigated and handled strictly and promptly according to law , and the responsibility system should be carried out comprehensively .
我们 相信 会 有 更多 的 台湾 同胞 来 祖国 大陆 投资 , 开展 经济 交流 与 合作 .

we believe that more taiwan compatriots will come to the mainland side of the motherland to make investments and conduct economic exchanges and cooperation .
众所周知 , 世界上 只有 一个 中国 , 台湾 是 中国 领土 不可 分割 的 一部分 .

as we all know there is only one china in the world and taiwan is an inalienable part of chinese territory .
其实 , 问题 并不 那 幺 简单 .

in fact , the issue is not that simple .
从前 三个 月 利用 外资 的 情况 看 , 中国 利用 外资 已 出现 逐月 回升 的 势头 .

judged from the utilization of foreign capital in the last three months , there has been a momentum of improvement in china 's foreign capital utilization .
美国 总是 以 人权 为 借口 指责 广大 的 发展中国家 , 中国 只是 受害者 之一 .

the united states always lays charges against developing countries under the pretext of human rights , and china is just one of the victims .
奥 氏 在 访问 中 对 各国 内政 的 干涉 之 深 达到 了 令人 惊讶 的 地步 .

albright 's interference in the internal affairs of the various countries she visited was so deep that people felt surprised .
不能 享受 养老 , 失业 保险 的 集体 企业 职工 也 可 进入 居民 最低 生活 保障 线 .

workers in collective enterprises who cannot enjoy old - age and unemployment insurance benefits may also enter the minimum subsistence support line for residents .
他 说 , 十二亿 中国 人民 对 中国 的 人权 状况 最 有 发言权 .

the 1.2 billion chinese people are best qualified to speak on china 's human rights situation .
他 还 就 朝鲜 外长 访华 和 朝鲜半岛 局势 回答 了 记者 提问 .

he also answered reporters ' questions on dprk [ chao xian 2600 7639 ; as published ] foreign minister 's visit to china and the korean peninsula situation .
海协会 对 台湾 新 " 内阁 " 的 人事 布局 有 何 看法 ?

what are the views of arats on the personnel arrangement of the new taiwan cabinet ?
应该 发挥 协会 和 商会 的 作用 .

meanwhile , the role of association and chamber of commerce should be brought into full play .
再次 , 加大 教学 方法 手段 的 改革 .

third , more efforts should be made to improve teaching methods .
这些 意见 , 对 党史 研究 以至 所有 的 历史 科学研究 , 都是 有 指导 意义 的 .

these views are of guiding significance to the study of party history and even to all the scientific study of history .
党 的 先进性 决定 着 我军 的 先进性 .

the advanced nature of our party has determined the advanced nature of our military .
石原 一直 鼓吹 中国 分裂 , 狂言 中国 应 分裂 成 六 国家 .

ishihara has all along advocated a split - up of china , uttering ravings that china should be split up into six countries .
该 卫星 站 预计 明年 七月 正式 启用 .

the satellite station is expected to go into operation in july 2001 .
所以 , 现在 应该 大力 提倡 做 领导干部 的 思想 政治 工作 .

therefore , we should now make great effort to promote ideological and political work among leading cadres .
还有 一些 同志 认为 , 战时 联 勤 待 战前 去 抓 也 来得及 .

some comrades maintained that unified logistics support in wartime could be prepared before a war breaks out .
反之 , 以 狭小 孤岛 , 偏安 之 局 来看 问题 , 终非 长久 之 计 .

after all , it is not a permanent solution if one views the issue from the angle of the partial interests of a narrow and isolated island .
粮食 生产 结构 调整 是 农业 结构 调整 的 重点 .

grain production structural adjustment is the focal point of agricultural structural adjustment .
倒退 是 没有 出路 的 .

retrogression will lead to a blind alley .
这是 为什麽 呢 ? 比较 熟悉 的 台胞 说 : 不可能 真的 动武 吧 .

taiwan compatriots who are more familiar with the situation say : it is not possible that genuine military force will be used .
这是 自然界 和 人世间 的 一般 规律 .

this is a general rule in the natural world and the human world .
焦点 在 於 以往 引起 贸易 争端 的 非 关税壁垒 , 尤其是 动植物 检疫 方面 的 分歧 .

the latter part is about market access focused on the nontariff barriers which have previously led to trade disputes , especially on the difference in the quarantine of animals and plants .
这些 错误 思潮 , 非 无产阶级 思想 , 影响力 不能 小看 .

the influence of these erroneous ideological trends and nonproletarian ideas should not be underestimated .
这是 一 支 红军 团队 .

the unit had once been a unit of the red army .
哈尔滨 工业 大学 成立 於 一九二零年 , 张学良 曾任 该校 理事长 .

harbin industrial u was founded in 1920 , with chang hsueh - liang [ zhang xueliang ] having once been its board chairman .
全省 还将 新建 一批 人民 防空 重点 骨干 工程 , 使 人防 工程 总量 翻一番 .

the province also will build a number of key and backbone people 's air defense projects to double the province 's people 's air defense projects .
要 切实 加强 现有 水资源 的 管理 , 突出 重点 , 合理 调度 , 科学 用水 .

we must tangibly strengthen management of the existing water resources , highlight the key points , practice rational management , and use water in a scientific way .
虽然 海峡 两岸 尚未 统一 , 但是 中国 领土 和 主权 并未 分割 , 仍然 是 一个 中国 .

although the two sides of the strait are yet to be reunified , chinese territory [ zhong guo ling tu ] and sovereignty remain undivided and there is still one china .
据报道 , 金正日 说 , 这次 首脑 会晤 " 创造 了 一个 很好 的 先例 .

according to reports , kim chong - il said that this summit meeting " set a very good precedent .
但 技术 进步 还 没有 成为 生产率 提高 的 主要 动力 .

however , technological progress has yet to become a major driving power to the enhancement of productivity in china .
叙利亚 经济基础 薄弱 , 自然资源 匮乏 .

syria 's economic foundation is weak and it lacks natural resources .
天山 , 昆仑山 , 阿尔泰山 是 重要 的 水 来源 .

tianshan , kunlun , and altai mountains are important water sources .
尔后 , 近现代 的 科学技术 又 以 无数 的 事实 证明 了 这 一 无可 辩驳 的 真理 .

modern science and technology have once again testified to this indisputable truth based on countless facts .
这是 一个 不太 容易 衡量 的 问题 , 到底 应该 准备 到 什 麽 程度 呢 ?

it is not easy to judge this question . to what extent should they be prepared ?
编者按 : 重视 思想 政治 建设 是 我们 党 和 军队 的 特有 优势 .

editor 's note : a special advantage of our party and our army is their attaching importance to ideological and political education .
发展 斯 中 关系 是 斯 外交 政策 的 重点 之一 .

the development of slovakia - china relations is one of the priorities of slovakia 's diplomatic policy .
对此 我们 表示 肯定 和 赞赏 .

i would like to express our affirmation and appreciation for this .
林默 造 木排 渡 难民 往 澎湖 定居 谋生 .

lin mo built wooden rafts to ferry the refugees to penghu for permanent residence and work .
专家 认为 , 中国 需要 反 垅 断 法 , 已 是 大多数人 , 包括 政府 的 共识 .

experts who believe that china needs an anti - monopoly law are now in the majority , including the common recognition of this on the government 's part .
据悉 , 此次 演习 是 美国 今年 将 在 太平洋地区 举行 一系列 军事 演习 中 的 一部分 .

it is learned that this exercise is part of a series of military exercises to be conducted by the us in the pacific region this year .
军事 教育 和 国民教育 有 很多 相通 之处 . "

military education and national education have many things in common . "
科斯托夫 热烈 欢迎 朱鎔基 总理 访问 保加利亚 .

kostov expressed warm welcome to premier zhu rongji .
发展 是 硬 道理 , 中国 解决 所有 问题 的 关键 在 於 依靠 自己的 发展 .

development is the final word . the key to china 's resolution of all issues lies in relying on its own development .
冷战 时期 , 世界 格局 形成 东西方 两 大 阵营 .

during the cold war period , the world order consisted of the eastern and western blocs .
冷战 结束 后 , 世界 整体 局势 虽 趋于 缓和 , 但 局部战争 和 地区 冲突 不断 升级 .

although the overall world situation has become relaxed since the end of the cold war , regional wars and conflicts have constantly escalated .
这 番 部署 葫芦 里 到底 卖 的 是 什 幺 药 呢 ?

what has taiwan got up its sleeve by this deployment ?
完成 这些 任务 , 都 离不开 科学 的 发展 和 进步 .

the fulfillment of these tasks cannot be separated from scientific development and progress .
金钱 买来 的 " 外交 " 是 不 牢固 的 .

" diplomatic relations " purchased with money are not reliable .
塔 中 两国 经济 合作 有 著 很大 的 潜力 .

there is great potential in the economic cooperation between tajikistan and china .
我们 党 来自 人民 , 植根于 人民 .

our party came from among the people and took root among the people .
卡里莫夫 说 , 他 经常 回忆 起 去年 访华 时 与 江泽民 主席 会晤 的 情景 .

karimov said that he often recalled his meeting with president jiang zemin during his visit to china last year .
只要 认同 一个 中国 , 我们 都 欢迎 .

we welcome anyone who recognizes the one china stance .
当然 , 没 什 幺 可怕 的 .

of course , there is nothing to fear .
国务院 各 部门 的 预算 管理 情况 有所 好转 , 依法 理财 的 水平 有了 新 的 提高 .

they have enhanced their ability in handling their financial affairs in accordance with law . but some central departments still have problems in implementing their budgets .
我们 有 丰富 的 自然 和 人力资源 , 我们 能 建设好 自己的 国家 .

we have rich natural and human resources , and we can build our own country well .
座谈会 由 科技 部 部长 朱丽兰 主持 .

minister of science and technology zhu lilan chaired the forum .
据悉 美国 的 几家 军火商 将 分享 600亿 美元 的 军火 生意 .

it is reported that a couple of u.s. arms dealers will share in $ 60 billion worth of arms dealings .
反思 这 段 历史 . 会 使 我们 更加 体会到 " 三 代表 " 提出 的 重要性 .

thinking back on this period of history makes us realize even more the importance of the " three represents " .
往 访 各国 与 欧盟 均 表示出 与 中国 进一步 扩大 经贸 和 金融 合作 的 强烈 愿望 .

all the countries visited and the eu indicated a strong aspiration of further expanding economic and trade and financial cooperation with china .
-- 增进 相互 了解 , 扩大 共识 .

the visit has enhanced mutual understanding , and expanded consensus .
向 工商界 人士 介绍 中国 经济 及 回答 问题 时 , 场 内 不断 响起 热烈 掌声 .

there was continual warm applause when introducing and answering questions on china 's economy to industrial and business circles .
发展 中欧 关系 是 中国 外交 政策 的 重点 之一 .

developing sino - european relations is a key point in china 's foreign policy .
徐匡迪 还 向 美国 客人 介绍 了 上海 近期 经济 和 社会 发展 情况 .

xu kuangdi also briefed the american guests on shanghai 's recent economic and social development .
在 发生 少数 球迷 闹事 时 , 要 依法 果断 处置 , 迅速 制止 .

when a small number of soccer fans cause trouble , they must be handled and rapidly stopped in line with law .
4月 开始 的 为期 3个 月 的 2000年 第二 反 偷渡 专项 行动 目前 正在 福建 开展 .

and the second three - month special action against illegal emigration of 2000 that started in may is now under way in fujian .
朱邦造 在 回答 他们 有关 问题 时 做 了 上述 表示 .

zhu bangzao 's above comments were made when responding to their related questions .
时间 , 就是 主动 . " 迅速 报告 各 部队 现在 的 位置 . "

" report the positions of all units , " the commander ordered .
并 拟 於 七月十八日 至 二十日 成行 .

he planned to make the trip from 18 to 20 july .
病情 好转 , 是 治疗 的 结果 .

if you get better after an illness , that is the result of treatment .
六月二十七日 , 谢长廷 再次 向 台湾 媒体 表达 要 到 访 厦门 的 意愿 .

on 27 june , he again expressed his desire to visit xiamen in an interview with taiwan 's media .
但 当 公安 赶到 地下 赌场 时 , 早已 人去楼空 .

however , when the police arrived at the gambling house , the gamblers had still been tipped off and gone .
" 要 悬崖勒马 ! "

" you must stop doing so immediately ! "
中方 感谢 白方 在 台湾 , 人权 问题 上 给予 的 一贯 宝贵 支持 .

china thanked belarus for its persistent and precious support on the issues of taiwan and human rights .
我们 高度 评价 里约 集团 在 地区 和 国际 事务 中 所 发挥 的 积极 作用 .

we highly appraise the active role played by the rio group in the regional and international affairs .
" 画 人 难 , 画 鬼 易 . "

" it is difficult to draw a human being but it is easy to draw a ghost . "
经济 全球化 包括 : 贸易 自由化 , 生产 一体化 和 金融 国际化 .

economic globalization included trade liberalization , production integration , and financial internationalization .
人民 日报 网络 版 推出 了 财经 , 文娱 , 健康 , 观点 等 频道 .

the renmin ribao internet edition has introduced channels for finance and economy , entertainment , health , and viewpoints .
他 强调 , 一个 中国 是 原则 问题 , 我们 不会 让步 .

if it refuses to recognize one china , there will be no foundation for contacts or talks , and the impasse in cross - strait relations cannot be resolved .
前不久 , 我们 到 美国 进行 了 一 周 的 访问 , 就 有 切身 的 感受 .

not long ago , we took a weeklong tour of the usa and were deeply moved .
此外 , 台湾 某些 财团 出现 危机 , 也 影响 了 投资者 的 信心 .

besides , the crises arising in some taiwan consortiums have also adversely affected investor confidence .
他 说 , 现行 税收 征管 法 赋予 了 税务 机关 一定 的 执法 手段 .

he said : the tax collection and management law in force has entrusted some law enforcement methods to tax organs .
两国 在 国际 和 地区 事务 中 也 进行 了 密切 的 合作 .

the two countries have also carried out close cooperation in international and regional affairs .
在 检查 中 还要 注意 总结 各地区 各 部门 贯彻执行 刑事诉讼 法 的 经验 , 发现 好的 典型 .

this is a state system , which reflects the nature of our state and which champions the interests of the people .
专利 代理 机构 的 具体 管理 办法 由 国务院 规定 . "

specific procedures for regulating patent agencies shall be set by the state council . " 10 .
这 43万 字 的 小说 , 1997年 出版 , 共 发行 了 十 几万 册 , 影响 很大 .

the 430,000 - character novel was published in 1997 . the over 100,000 copies printed have generated a significant influence .
中国 政府 将 继续 奉行 对 日 友好 政策 .

the chinese government will continue to pursue the friendly policy toward japan .
这 正是 广大 发展中国家 所 担心 的 一个 问题 .

this is precisely what is currently worrying the vast numbers of developing countries .
所以 , 截至 2015年 , 三 个 阶段 共需 600亿 美元 以上 .

thus the three stages up to 2015 would require a total of over $ 60 billion .
现在 , 中国 对外贸易 位居 世界 第九 , 经济 规模 则 居 世界 第七 .

at present , china is in ninth place in the world in foreign trade , and in seventh place with respect to the size of its economy .
瑞典 外交 大臣 安娜 . 林德 重申 , 欧盟 将 继续 坚持 一个 中国 的 政策 .

swedish foreign minister anna lindh reiterated that the eu will continue to uphold the one - china policy .
朝鲜 希望 中国 共产党 和 中国 人民 按照 自己的 国情 和 意愿 把 中国 的 事情 办得 更好 .

the dprk hopes that the cpc and the chinese people will handle china 's affairs with better results in light of their own national condition and wishes .
唐家璇 说 : 这些 共识 对 我们 的 工作 有 重要 的 指导 意义 , 应 切实 落实 .

tang jiaxuan said : these common understandings could serve as an important guidance in our work . they should be earnestly implemented .
李鹏 委员长 珍惜 老朋友 , 又 能 结交 许多 的 新 朋友 , 我们 感到 高兴 .

we are glad to see that chairman li peng treasures old friends and has also made many new friends .
直到 今天 , 他们 对 中国 的 新闻 报道 依然 充满 了 偏见 , 歪曲 甚至 诬蔑 .

up to the present , their reports on china are still full of prejudice , distortions , and false accusations .
没有 稳定 的 社会 环境 , 新疆 的 开发 就 难以 实施 .

xinjiang must have a stable social environment ; otherwise , xinjiang 's development strategy would be difficult to implement .
北京 军代局 建立 区域 协作 , 走出 了 一 条 军品 研制 生产 的 良性 循环 之路 .

the beijing military representatives bureau has found a road of a benign cycle in the development and production of military products by establishing regional cooperation .
整个 建议 减刑 假释 的 审批 过程 处在 公开 的 状态 中 .

the whole process of the review was conducted in an open manner .
他们 目的 就是 要 拖延 和 阻挠 法案 的 通过 , 从而 破坏 中美 关系 .

their purpose was to delay and obstruct the passage of the bill and to undermine sino - us relations .
这 期 研究班 是 由 中组部 与 国防 科工委 共同 主办 的 .

this study course was jointly organized by the central organization department and the commission of science , technology and industry for national defense [ costind ] .
其次 , 美国 航空母舰 在 中 近海 发射 巡航导弹 的 办法 也 无法 取得 明显 的 效果 .

secondly , the method of launching cruise missiles from us aircraft carriers in intermediate and near sea areas cannot achieve remarkable results , either .
固定 通信 网 与 移动 通信 网 的 规模 分别 居 世界 第二 和 第三 .

china ranked second and third respectively in the world in terms of the size of fixed and mobile telecommunication networks .
省委 常委 , 省 公安 厅 厅长 俞国行 作 了 1998年 以来 省 公安厅 执法 工作 自查 报告 .

yu guoxing , standing committee member of the provincial cpc committee and director of the provincial public security department , delivered a report on a self - inspection of the law - enforcement work carried out by the provincial public security department since 1998 .
要 加强 新闻 队伍 政治 建设 , 业务 建设 , 作风 建设 .

we should strengthen the political , professional , and work - style buildings of our press contingent .
严肃 法纪 , 惩治 腐败 , 必须 切实 做到 如下 几点 : 一 要 坚决 .

to strictly enforce laws and discipline and punish corrupt officials , we must effectively meet following requirements : first , our attitude and action must be resolute .
奥运 健儿 为 祖国 的 荣誉 而 战 , 祖国 为 有 这样 优秀 的 儿女 骄傲 !

olympic games athletes fight to win glory for their motherland , which is proud of her excellent children !
今后 对 政府 还有 什 麽 信心 可言 .

those who bought shares will complain and they will lose confidence in the government from now on .
不可 抗拒 的 大陆 因素 当然 , 也 可 从 另外的 角度 思考 .

the irresistible mainland china factor of course , we can think from another angle .
这 意味 ¨ 有 脑 者 可 " 先 富起来 " .

this means that the intellectual workers can become " affluent ahead of others . "
面向 21世纪 的 中日 经贸 合作 有 著 良好 的 发展 前景 .

the sino - japanese economic and trade cooperation oriented to 21 st century has good prospects for development .
阿尔及利亚 的 独立 和 建设 都 得到 了 中国 的 真诚 帮助 .

algeria has received sincere assistance from china during its struggle for independence and construction .
李鹏 说 , 中国 和 多哥 地理 上 相距 遥远 , 但 感情 上 非常 亲近 .

li peng said that china and togo are geographically far away but emotionally very close .
战舰 编队 浩荡 向前 .

the warship formation , vast and mighty , is sailing forward .
他 指出 , 目前 北方 地区 严重 缺水 , 党中央 , 国务院 对此 十分 关心 .

in carrying out the project of diverting water from huang he to tianjin , the time was pressed and the task heavy .
这些 成就 来之不易 , 是 与 人民 大学 几代 师生员工 的 艰苦奋斗 和 辛勤 劳作 所 分不开 的 .

all these achievements have not come easily ; and they cannot be separated from the hard struggle and the painstaking efforts made by the several generations of teachers , students , and staff of the people 's university .
他 说 , 中国 拥有 悠久 的 历史 和 灿烂 的 文化 .

he said : china has a long history and splendid culture .
我国 人民 生活水平 总体 达到 小康 , 这是 了不起 的 事情 .

the living standards of the chinese people have , on the whole , reached the level of moderate prosperity , which is truly amazing .
三 是 内容 丰富 , 形式多样 .

in addition , they defined the different phases and formulated meticulous plans .
去年 底 , 当时 的 台湾 副总统 连战 也曾 表示 台湾 要 发展 中 , 远程导弹 .

at the end of last year , then taiwan vice president lien chan also said that taiwan would develop medium - and long - range missiles .
明年 开放 小 三通 , 我方 的 船舶 一定 可以 行驶 到 对岸 .

when the three mini direct links are established next year , the ships of our side will certainly be able to sail to the opposite side .
这些 都 使 美国 增加 了 与 朝 缓和 关系 的 紧迫性 .

all of this has increased the us sense of urgency in easing relations with the dprk .
中国 海洋 卫星 地面 接收 系统 的 其他 工程 也 在 建设 之中 .

the construction of the other projects of china 's marine satellite ground receiving systems is also under way .
科技 发展 不仅 涉及 自然科学 和 工程 技术 , 也 包括 社会科学 领域 .

scientific and technological development is not only limited to natural science and engineering technology , but is also related to the field of social sciences .
他 说 , 芬 中 建交 50 年 来 , 两国 关系 不断 发展 .

he said : over the past 50 years since the establishment of diplomatic ties between finland and china , our bilateral ties have enjoyed continuous development .
加强 中 老 长期 睦邻 友好 , 符合 我们 两国 人民 的 根本 利益 .

strengthening long - term , good - neighborly , and friendly ties between china and laos is in the fundamental interests of the peoples of the two countries .
移民 要 采取 开发 式 移民 的 方式 , 要 注重 其 今后 建设 发展 的 长远 规划 .

all localities should strengthen their leadership over this work and the entire country should also support it .
布什 当天 夜间 即 发表 电视 讲话 拒绝 了 戈尔 的 建议 .

bush issued a televised statement the same night rejecting gore 's proposals .
中方 也 愿 一如既往 与 文莱 保持 良好 的 协调 与 配合 .

the chinese side also stands ready to maintain good coordination and cooperation with brunei as always .
金融 资产 管理 公司 资产 处置 管理 办法 由 财政部 制定 .

the methods by which the famc shall dispose of its assets shall be determined by the mof .
第二 , 加强 节水 设施 建设 和 节水 技术 推广 .

second , efforts should be made to step up the building of water - saving facilities and to popularize water - saving techniques .
所谓 " 三 认知 " 系 跨 党派 小组 认为 :

the inter - party advisory group 's " three acknowledgements " are as follows : 1 .
唐家璇 还 转达 了 江主席 对 科什图尼察 在 明年 方便 的 时候 正式 访华 的 邀请 .

tang jiaxuan also conveyed president jiang 's invitation for kostunica to conduct a formal visit to china at his convenience in 2001 .
第一 , 要 著 眼 於 提高 广大 农村 基层 干部 的 素质 .

first , it is necessary to focus on enhancing the quality of the rural grassroots cadres .
大家 听 了 兴趣 大 增 .

they listened with great interest .
他 预测 说 , 今年 全国 进出口 总额 将达 四千五百亿 美元 , 预计 增长 幅度 达 百分之二十五 .

he predicted that the volume of the country 's imports and exports in the year could top $ 400 billion , an estimated growth of 25 percent .
北京 消息 人士 透露 , 北京 近日 召开 中央军委 扩大会议 , 会议 昨天 闭幕 .

the sources revealed that this enlarged meeting of the cmc took place in the jingxi guesthouse from 5 to 9 december .
各 实验 区 积极 探索 , 总结出 了 许多 好的 经验 .

various experimental districts have summarized a lot of experience through practice .
第五 , 加强 源头 参与 , 加大 宏观 维护 力度 .

fifthly , it is necessary to strengthen participation at source and intensify the safeguards on a macro scale .
这 充分 表明 澳门 人 不仅 可以 管理好 澳门 , 而且 可以 比 过去 管理 得 更好 .

this fully shows that the people of macao not only are able to manage macao well , they can now manage even better than they did in the past .
丘芷慧 一一 作 了 回答 , 并 天真 地 问 : " 以后 您 还 来不来 澳门 ?

qiu zhihui answered all his questions one by one . " will you be coming to macao again ?
广大 市民 不可不 察 .

local residents should not ignore this point .
广东 地区 以 打击 港澳 黑帮 为主 福建 和 上海 以 打击 台湾 黑帮 为主 .

the crackdown is mainly directed against hong kong and macao triads in guangdong and against taiwan triads in fujian and shanghai .
法律 委员会 根据 这 一 意见 在 草案 中 增加 了 这 方面 的 内容 .

in line with the above proposal , the law committee incorporated the view into the draft amendment .
在 洛杉矶 , 角逐 州 议员 席位 者 就 有 四 华人 .

gary locke successfully won his second term as washington state governor .
公开 的 时间 要 与 公开 的 内容 相适应 .

the timing and the content of opening has to be relevant .
但是 即将 跨越 三个 世纪 的 国民党 , 却 还是 要 面对 党内 不同 意识形态 之争 .

however the kmt , which spans three centuries , must still confront an intra - party struggle between competing ideologies .
二十世纪 特殊 的 时代 条件 和 中国 特殊 的 历史 条件 造就 了 毛泽东 这样 伟大 的 天才 .

the special conditions of the 20 th century epoch and the special historical conditions in china created the great genius of mao zedong .
据悉 , 科技 部 将 安排 资金 支持 国际 科技 合作 计划 的 实施 .

it has been learned that the ministry of science and technology will earmark funds to support international scientific and technological cooperation .
积极 探索 以 中外合资 产业 基金 , 风险 投资 基金 方式 引入 外资 .

actively explore ways to attract foreign capital through a sino - foreign joint venture fund or a venture capital fund .
他 在 讲话 中 对 做好 明年 党建 工作 特别是 组织 工作 , 提出 了 明确 的 要求 .

he also put forward in his speech specific requirements for next year 's work of party building , especially for organization work .
请 曾 主任 介绍 一下 在 西部 大 开发 政策 中 有关 科技 教育 和 人才 的 政策 .

minister zeng , will you please give a briefing on the policies in respect of science , technology , education , and personnel in the policies toward the grand western development ?
目前 , 经 国务院 批准 , 已有 9 开发区 升级 为 国家级 经济技术开发区 .

currently nine development zones have already been approved by the state council as national - level economic and technological development zones .
看不到 这一点 , 就 容易 产生 失误 , 就 会 发生 种种 挫折 .

if this point is overlooked , this can easily cause errors and various setbacks .
在 开拓 国际 市场 的 同时 , 中航第二 集团 还 努力 开拓 国内 市场 并 取得 一定 成果 .

while opening up the international market , the company also worked hard to explore the domestic market and scored some achievements .
事实 正是 如此 .

this is in fact how it is .
阿赫马尔 感谢 胡锦涛 的 介绍 .

ahmar thanked hu jintao for his briefing .
我们 强调 与 印度 睦邻 友好 .

we have laid stress on developing good - neighborly and friendly relations with india .
在 重大 科研 试验 任务 上 , 成功 才是 硬 道理 , 必须 竭尽全力 保 成功 .

success is the clincher in major scientific research and experiment tasks , and it is essential to exert every effort to ensure their success .
中共 中央 政治局 常委 , 全国 政协 主席 李瑞环 出席 茶话会 .

li ruihuan , member of the cpc central political bureau standing committee and chairman of the cppcc national committee , attended the tea party .
主要 采取 了 6 方法 : 一 是 对症下药 , 因 人 施教 .

the study class mainly employed the following six methods : firstly , the study class suited their methods to the situation , and educated different persons according to their different conditions .
在 城市 管理 方面 , 既要 加强 城市 基础 设施 建设 , 更 要 重视 现代化 管理 .

in urban management , we should step up urban infrastructure construction and still more , attach importance to modern management .
自此 , 主张 两岸 签署 中程 协议 , 逐渐 成为 美国 的 政策 概念 .

since then , such a proposition that the two shores should sign an intermediate agreement has gradually become the basic concept underpinning the us policy towards the two shores .
陈云林 强调 , 分裂 不得人心 , " 台独 " 一定 挑起 战争 .

chen yunlin emphasized that separatism does not find popular favor , and " taiwan independence " will certainly provoke war [ tai du yi ding tiao qi zhan zheng ] .
李洪志 宣扬 的 " 法 轮 功 " 干 的 是 残害 生灵 的 勾当 .

li hongzhi and his " falungong " went as far as doing such malicious things of destroying human lives .
至此 , 美国 的 对 中国 战略 基本 成形 .

at this point , the us strategy toward china has basically taken shape .
坚持 解放 思想 , 实事求是 , 可以 说是 " 知 易 行 难 " .

we have made mistakes and faced setbacks because of our failure to emancipate thinking and seek the truth from facts .
身为 人 父 , 最 难 忍受 的 是 孩子 受 摧残 受 虐待 .

the most intolerable thing for a father is for his children to be crippled and abused .
是 把 她们 带上 绝路 的 亲生 母亲 吗 ?

is it their own mothers who led them onto the road of ruin ?
创新 , 是 智慧 的 花朵 , 知识 的 结晶 .

innovation is a flower growing from wisdom and a fruit stemming from knowledge .
他 说 , 过去 十 年 的 形势 显示 , 台商 到 大陆 投资 , 对 台湾 有利 .

he said : the circumstances over the past 10 years showed that taiwan businessmen 's investments on mainland china have been beneficial to taiwan .
鼓励 跨国公司 来华 设立 研发 中心 和 地区 总部 .

we must encourage multinational corporations to set up research and development centers and regional head office in china .
江泽民 还 向 客人 简要 介绍 了 中国 国内 情况 及 中方 对 当前 国际 形势 的 看法 .

jiang zemin also gave the guests a brief introduction on china 's domestic situation , as well as china 's views on the current international situation .
电力 产业 的 改革 是 一 项 系统工程 , 具有 长期性 .

the reform of the power industry is a systems engineering , having the characteristics of long duration , complexity , and arduousness .
调查组 据此 分析 认为 , " 鱼鹰 " 失事 可能 是 驾驶员 出现 了 严重 的 操纵 错误 .

based on the findings , the investigation group drew the conclusion that the osprey accident might be the result of serious operational mistakes made by the pilots .
他 不讲 真话 , 多 虚伪 啊 !

how hypocritical he is in not telling the truth !
在此 之前 , 还将 在 3月 或 4月 进行 新 的 导弹 助推器 试验 .

prior to that , it will carry out tests of new missile boosters in march or april .
朱邦造 指出 , 在 伊拉克 问题 上 , 中方 的 立场 是 一贯 而 明确 的 .

zhu bangzao pointed out : the chinese side 's stand has always been consistent and explicit on the iraq issue .
自治区 党委 常务 副 书记 , 自治区 主席 列 确 出席 会议 并 作 重要 讲话 .

legqog , executive deputy secretary of the autonomous regional cpc committee and chairman of the autonomous region , attended and gave an important speech to the conference .
余林 指使 打手 将 刘勇 砍 成 重伤 .

yu lin sent a hatchet man to hack liu yong and had have him seriously wounded .
刘晓明 公使 还 回答 了 听众 提出 的 有关 问题 .

envoy liu xiaoming also answered relevant questions raised by the audience .
布什 承诺 当选 后 要 建立 一个 更大 , 更 高级 , 更 全面 的 防御 体系 .

bush promised if elected to build a bigger , higher grade , and more comprehensive defense system .
广东 同乡会 副会长 刘平中 在 宴会 上 致 欢迎辞 .

liu pingzhong , vice chairman of the association of fellow compatriots from guangdong , made a welcome speech .
在 这场 严肃 的 政治 斗争 中 , 涌现出 一大批 先进集体 和 先进个人 .

in this solemn political struggle , a large number of advanced collectives and individuals have emerged .
我们 肩膀 上 的 担子 重 , 责任 大 啊 ! "

the burdens on our shoulders are heavy . how heavy our duties are ! "
这是 加强 和 改进 新时期 党 的 建设 的 一个 重要 问题 .

this is an important issue in strengthening and improving party building in the new period .
胡锦涛 联系 党 的 历史 深刻 阐述 了 加强 党 的 建设 的 重要性 .

hu jintao profoundly expounded the importance of strengthening party building in connection with party history .
记者 问 : 您 认为 中国 为 什 幺 现在 批准 该 《 公约 》 ?

question : in your opinion , why did china ratify the " covenant " at this moment ?
从 发展 阶段 看 , 中国 的 工业化 目前 还 没有 完成 , 现代化 过程 刚 开始 不久 .

viewing from the development stage , china has yet to complete its industrialization , and the process of its modernization has started not long ago .
曾建徽 是 在 今天 举行 的 九届 全国 人大 四 会议 新闻发布会 上 说 这番话 的 .

zeng jianhui made that remark at today 's news conference of the fourth session of the ninth npc .
海军 方面 放 消息 , 当然 是 在 为 纪德舰 作 国内 宣传 ?

the navy 's releasing the news is of course to publicize kidd - class ships at home .
他 说 , 作为 老 工业基地 , 辽宁 也 面临 不少 困难 和 问题 .

he said , as an old industrial base , liaoning is also facing many difficulties and problems .
报告 有 新 的 提法 , 可 操作性 强 , 振奋人心 .

the report carries new wording , is highly feasible , and fills people with enthusiasm .
刘洪滨 对 这种 现 像 深为 忧虑 .

cppcc member xiao guxin also mentioned the harm of formalism in the adjustment of agricultural structure .
" 他 并 说 , 工人 们 站在 厂 门口 议论纷纷 , 始终 未有 冲突 发生 .

wang also said that the workers just stood at the factory 's gate , talking about things among themselves , and there was no conflict .
" 必须 整合 各方面 力量 , 形成 推进 体制 创新 的 强大 队伍 " .

" the people in all circles should be united and coordinated to form a strong new force for advancing institutional innovations . " in the early period of the reforms , things can be mainly driven by the central government from top to bottom .
这些 问题 如 不 解决好 , 我国 现代化 建设 将 受到 严重 影响 .

if these problems are not correctly solved , the influence on our country 's modernization construction will be serious .
要 加强 对 企业 " 三 讲 " 学习 教育 活动 的 督促 与 检查 .

they should also tighten their supervision and inspection of enterprises ' " three stresses " education .
政协 大会 上 , 知识产权 成为 委员 热烈 讨论 的 话题 .

at the cppcc session , intellectual property rights became a hot topic for discussion among cppcc members .
从 " 引进来 " , 到 " 走出去 " , 对外开放 提升 到 了 一个 新 境界 .

china 's endeavor of opening to the outside world has been elevated to a new realm from " introducing things from abroad " to " going out of the country . "
中东 问题 也是 布什 竞选 总统 时 必 谈 的 问题 之一 .

the mideast problem was also one of the issues that had to be discussed during bush 's election campaign .
只有 抓住 机遇 , 抓紧 时间 , 加快 发展 , 才能 实现 综合 国力 的 跨越 式 腾飞 .

only by seizing opportunities , losing no time , and expediting development can we achieve a leap - forward takeoff of our overall national strength .
美国 政府 换 了 人 以后 , 中美 关系 的 发展 举世瞩目 .

development of china - us relations has drawn worldwide attention after new people took over the us government .
领导干部 喊破 嗓子 不如 干出 样子 俗话说 : 强将 手下 无 弱 兵 .

better for leading cadres to do something presentable than to rave themselves hoarse there is a common saying : there are no weak troops under a capable general .
第一 , 触犯 了 我国 刑法 等 法律 .

first , li hongzhi and his partners have violated china 's criminal law .
邓小平 同志 任 名誉 主席 .

comrade deng xiaoping was its honorary chairman .
措施 实 , 各项 措施 可 操作性 强 .

the measures are practical , and every measure is workable .
李晓岩 告诉 老师 : " 我 不在乎 得分 多少 .

li xiaoyan told his teacher : " i do not care what score i will get .
在 我们 的 家 门口 做 贼 , 被 捉 后 其 做 案 工具 也 应该 留下 !

we must retain the tools of the crime even after arresting the thief who comes to our house !
北京 与 华盛顿 处理 此 一 军机 碰撞 意外 事件 , 增添 美国 对 台 军售 的 变数 .

beijing and washington 's handling of this airplane collision incident increases us arms sales to taiwan as a variable .
随后 , 拉戈斯 总统 在 总统府 前 宪法 广场 举行 仪式 欢迎 江泽民 主席 .

president lagos then held a ceremonial welcome for president jiang zemin in constitution square in front of the presidential palace .
4月5日 , 他们 因为 血压 升高 , 住进 当地 一家 部队 医院 .

on 5 april , they were admitted to a local military hospital because their blood pressure was too high .
同时 , 我们 也 希望 中国 在 智利 增加 投资 , 更好地 利用 智利 的 港口 机场 设施 .

we hope that china will increase investment in chile and make better use of chile 's seaport and airport facilities .
他 说 , 智利 在 法制 建设 方面 有 许多 好 经验 值得 我们 学习 和 借鉴 .

he said : chile has a lot of good experience in the legal system building , which is well worth learning and using as reference by our side .
在 日本 , 在 中国 , 在 世界 各地 都 能 看到 这样 感人 的 场面 .

in japan , in china , in all parts of the world , one can see this kind of moving scene .
简化 历史 或 把 清楚 明白 的 历史 复杂化 只能 招致 更多 的 抗议 和 愤怒 .

simplifying history or taking a clear and understandable history and making it complex can only lead to more protests and indignation .
若 如此 , 还需要 什 麽 神 盾 舰 ?

then why do we need aegis ships ?
王伟 不愧为 全军 官兵 学习 的 好榜样 .

wang wei is worthy of the example for all officers and men in the army to emulate .
只是 在 1996年 台湾 当局 推出 " 戒 急用 忍 " 政策 后 , 失业率 才 一路 上升 .

however , the unemployment rate has been rising up since the taiwan authorities issued the policy of " no haste , be patient " in 1996 .
论点 2 : 中方 对 美 军事 侦察机 进行 跟踪 和 监视 , 肇事 的 责任 在 中方 .

argument 2 . the responsibility for the accident lies with the chinese side because the chinese sent aircraft to monitor and track the us military surveillance aircraft .
奉劝 自作聪明 的 人 , 不要 打错 算盘 . "

i advise those who think they are smart not to miscalculate the situation . "
广州 军区 某 通信 团 对此 进行 了 有益 的 探索 .

a signal regiment of the guangzhou military region has conducted some rewarding probes in this regard .
但是 中美 建交 以后 , 美方 并未 认真 , 严格 地 履行 自己 承担 的 义务 .

however , ever since the establishment of diplomatic relations between china and united states , the us side has failed to seriously and strictly meet its commitments .
中国 是 大船 , 党 是 好 舵手 .

china is a big ship and the party a good steersman .
章启月 说 , 中方 一贯 反对 日本 政要 参拜 " 靖 国 神社 " .

zhang qiyue said : china consistently opposes visits to the yasukuni shrine by japanese political figures .
否则 , 由此 产生 的 一切 后果 只能 由 美方 承担 .

otherwise , the us side will have to bear all the consequences arising therefrom .
晚上 在 学习 小组 学 法 , 家里 供奉 李洪志 画 象 , 极为 " 虔诚 " .

in the evening , he would take part in group study of dogmas . he placed a li hongzhi portrait on an altar at home and was very " pious . "
希望 你们 成为 追求 真理 , 勇 於 创新 的 人 .

i hope that you will become people seeking the truth and daring to make innovations .
可是 , 新德里 至少 在 短期 内 应该 静观 事态 , 而不是 贸然 倾向 任何 方面 .

however , at least in a short period , new delhi should maintain a cold attitude to watch the development of the incident and should not rashly show its stand .
举报 走私 材料 厚 七十四

excerpts from the interview are presented below .
但 由於 自然 条件 较差 , 农民 的 生活 还 存在 许多 困难 .

however , due to poor natural conditions , peasants there still have many difficulties in their daily life .
吴建民 说 : " 所谓 政治 化 , 就是 搞 对抗 , 而 对抗 是 不得人心 的 .

wu jianmin said : " the so - called politicization is actually to provoke confrontation , and confrontation is unpopular .
科技 交流 与 产业 合作 相互 促进 , 有利 地 推动 了 两岸 经济 合作 的 深化 .

cross - strait exchanges between s & t personnel have increased in terms of scope and depth of academic exchanges .
中国 和 美国 目前 还 没有 就 如何 归还 间谍 飞机 达成 任何 协议 .

china and the united states have not yet reached any agreement on how to return the spy plane .
美国 一些 媒体 近来 就 充斥 着 大量 嘲讽 华人 的 言论 和 漫画 等 .

recently , lots of words and cartoons laughing at chinese people flooded some us media .
朱鎔基 总理 在 机场 发表 了 简短 的 书面 讲话 .

at the airport premier zhu rongji read a short written speech .
财长 会 对此 反映 很好 , 认为 办得 及时 , 希望 继续 举办 .

the finance ministers meeting was very satisfied with the training classes , saying the classes were held in a timely manner , and hoped that more classes will be held .
陪同 李岚清 副总理 考察 的 有关 部门 负责人 有 王春 正 , 徐荣凯 , 高强 , 吕新奎 等 .

accompanying vice premier li lanqing during the inspection were responsible officials of the departments concerned , including wang chunzheng , xu rongkai , gao qiang , and lu xinkui .
这 情形 与 两 年 前 " 两国 论 " 的 缘起 非常 神似 .

the situation is quite similar to the time when the " state - to - state theory " was formulated two years ago .
随 著 社会 的 进步 , 人类 自身 能力 不断 发展 , 显示出 越来越 大 的 力量 .

as society advances , the continual development of human capacity demonstrates ever greater force .
黄菊 要求 上海 青年 认真 学习 全军 十大 学习 成才 标兵 的 先进事迹 .

huang ju urged shanghai young people to seriously emulate the advanced deeds of 10 servicemen who have become pacesetters through study .
浙江 牛头山 .

it was at niutoushan in zhejiang .
贵国 具有 悠久 的 历史 , 美丽 的 风光 和 丰富 的 资源 .

your country has a long history , beautiful scenery and rich resources .
这种 告诫 很 重要 , 很 及时 .

this admonition is extremely important and well - timed .
各 检查组 成员 在 出发 前 进行 了 集中 培训 .

before their departure , members of the inspection groups were given a collective training .
50 年 来 , 中央政府 和 全国 各族 人民 十分 关注 和 支持 西藏 的 发展 进步 .

in the last 50 years , the central government and the people of all nationalities in the rest of the country are concerned about and support tibet 's development and progress .
去年 , 我们 双方 一致 同意 将 这 一 关系 推进 到 全面 合作 的 新 阶段 . "

last year china and the rok unanimously agreed to push the relationship to a new stage of comprehensive cooperation . "
两国 经济 合作 进一步 扩大 , 委内瑞拉 已经 成为 吸收 中国 投资 最多 的 拉美 国家 .

economic cooperation between the two countries has further expanded . venezuela has become the largest latin american recipient of chinese investment .
对 其 行事 风格 略知一二 的 人 都 清楚 , 他 又 在 表演 了 .

those who know a thing or two about his style of behavior are aware that he is putting on a show again .
" 传统 概念 " 上 的 武器 , 如 大炮 重型 坦克 , 甚至 航母 都 已 过时 .

weapons under the " traditional conception , " such as big guns , big tanks , and even aircraft carriers , are already outdated .
为此 , 特 制定 法制 宣传 教育 的 第四 五 年 规划 .

to this end , the fourth five - year plan for giving publicity to and conducting education in the legal system is hereby worked out .
姜春云 还 指出 , 要 重视 发挥 协会 会长 的 作用 , 推动 各级 协会 工作 的 开展 .

an important task facing leaders and family planning associations at all levels is to discover , sum up , and popularize typical experiences continuously .
记者 问道 .

this reporter asked such a question .
美 新 军事 战略 会 把 世界 引向 哪里 ?

where will the us new military strategy lead the world ?
能不能 正视 问题 , 揭露 问题 , 是 对 领导干部 的 一个 严峻 考验 .

to this extent , bravery to expose problems is a magic testing device with which we can measure people 's party spirit , personalities and abilities .
布什 说 , 美中 两国 之间 的 贸易 有利 於 美国 的 农业 生产者 和 工商 企业 .

bush said : trade between the united states and china is beneficial to farmers as well as industrial and commercial enterprises in the united states .
战后 , 日本 右翼 团体 一度 被 解散 , 右翼 势力 被 大大 削弱 .

after the war , japan 's rightwing organizations were once disbanded , which great weakened the rightwing forces .
这一点 , 连 台湾 的 许多 有识之士 都 已经 看出来 了 .

this is something even many people of insight in taiwan have noticed .
日前 , 特拉维夫 发生 恶性 自杀 袭击 事件 , 造成 10 多人 死亡 , 近 百 人 受伤 .

a few days ago , a devastating suicide bomb attack took place in tel aviv , leaving a dozen people dead and nearly a hundred wounded .
和谈 成果 来之不易 , 但 更 重要 的 是 履约 践诺 .

the positive results of the peace talks were hard earned but the honoring of the agreements and promises would be even more important .
美国 的 政策 , 永远 是 以 美国 国家利益 为 最 优先 考量 .

the united states always puts national interests as its first priority when formulating policies . at the early stage of the cold war , there was a joint defense treaty between the united state and taiwan to confront communist china .
" 大跃进 " 和 " 文化大革命 " 就是 两 大 麴 折 .

the " great leap forward " and the " cultural revolution " were two of the greatest complications .
坚持 我军 对 党 的 信仰 , 必须 强化 思想 政治 工作 , 加强 理想 信念 教育 .

in order to have our army persist in having faith in the party , we must strengthen ideological and political work and education on ideals and belief .
你们 辛苦 了 ! "

how are you ! "
他 说 , 这 一 组织 的 宗旨 和 原则 符合 乌 国家 和 人民 利益 .

the objectives and principles of the organization are in line with the interests of uzbekistan and her people .
二 要 积极 组织 灾区 群众 发展 多种 经营 , 广开 增收 门路 .

second , we should organize the masses in stricken areas to diversify their economic operations and develop new ways of making money .
近年来 , 两国 的 友好 合作 不断 扩大 , 取得 了 积极 的 成果 .

in recent years , friendly cooperation between the two countries has continuously developed and scored positive results .
中国 金融 业 和 资本市场 如何 发挥 更大 作用 ?

how can china 's financial industry and capital market play a more significant role ?
亲民党 也 表示 反对 .

the people first party also indicated their opposition .
不少 省份 已 订出 措施 把 无能 干部 革职 .

many provinces have mapped out measures for the dismissal of incompetent cadres .
这种 观点 值得 商榷 .

this view is worth discussing .
但 不论 如何 , 李登辉 对 连宋 结盟 , 确实 已经 发挥 了 牵制 效果 .

however , lee teng - hui has indeed played a role in checking the alliance formed by lien chan and james soong [ sung ch ' u - yu ] .
他 强调 , 美中 关系 至关重要 , 双方 应 共同 努力 改善 和 发展 这 一 关系 .

he stressed the great importance of us - chinese relations and said that both sides should make joint effort to improve and develop their bilateral relations .
加快 了 行业 和 地区 结构 调整 的 步伐 , 促进 了 结构 优化 和 产业 升级 .

the adjustment of the industrial structure and regional structure has been accelerated and structural optimization and industrial upgrading have been upgraded . in the textile industry , spindle reduction has been tackled in conjunction with structural adjustment and the drive to upgrade the industry .
探索 的 道路 是 曲折 前进 的 , 会 有 成功 , 也 会 受到 挫折 .

successes and failures were mixed together .
我国 企业 信息化 的 整体 水平 不高 , 进程 不快 .

the overall level of enterprise informationization is low and it is making slow progress .
消息 鼓舞 有意 投资 传媒 的 民间 人士 , 已 有人 正在 加紧 筹划 进军 传媒 业 .

encouraged by this news , some individuals have already made preparations for invesment in media operations .
全国 政协 各 专门 委员会 和 机关 有关方面 负责人 列席 会议 .

responsible people of various special committees and organs of the cppcc national committee attended the meeting as observers .
第三 , 要 加强 信息 网络 方面 的 执法 和 司法 .

third , we should step up law enforcement and judicial work regarding the information network .
保持 党 的 先进性 , 就要 按照 " 三 代表 " 的 要求 全面 加强 党 的 建设 .

to maintain the advanced nature of our party , we must follow the requirements of the " three represents " to build up the party in an all - round way .
人们 欢呼 著 , 跳跃 著 , 泪花 浸润 著 欢快 的 笑脸 .

the people shouted and jumped up , with tears of excitement flowing on many faces . in the grip of passion , the people took the flags on the guardrail and waved them as hard as they could .
文章 说 , 新 条约 还 应当 推动 两国 经济 合作 的 发展 .

the article also indicated that the new treaty should play its due part in promoting economic cooperation between the two countries .
二 , 进一步 明确 了 中俄 在 战略 协作 的 不同 层次 上 的 操作 方向 .

to further clarify the operational direction for conducting the strategic cooperation between china and russia on different levels .
第四 , " 台湾 继续 保留 政府 架构 " .

fourth point proposal : " taiwan shall continue to retain its government framework . "
其次 , 制造 舆论 , 把 亚洲 所谓 不稳定 因素 的 矛头 引向 中国 .

secondly , manufacturing public opinion , pointing the spearhead of asia 's so - called unstable factors at china .
事实 证明 这件事 根本 就是 子虚乌有 .

it turned out that the whole thing was sheer imagination .
现阶段 中国 资金 相对 充裕 , 资本 流出 有利 於 国际 竞争 和 积累 全球化 发展 经验 等 .

at the current stage , since china has relatively abundant capital , its outflow will be conducive to china 's international competitiveness and will enable it to gain experience in taking part in globalized economic development .
北京 时间 八时十五分 , 鲍威尔 乘坐 的 专机 抵达 首都国际机场 .

powell 's special plane arrived at the beijing international airport at 0815 hours local time .
本报 评论员 : 新时期 领导干部 的 优秀 代表

fan kuangfu is a name familiar to us .
从 一九九三年 起 , 我 可以 获得 签证 到 大陆 访问 .

starting in 1993 , i was able to get a visa to visit china .
这是 人类 文明 发展史 给 人们 的 一个 重要 启示 .

this is an important revelation that history of the development of human civilization has given to us .
拜登 虽然 为 台湾 的 民主化 欢呼 , 但 所 坚持 的 仍是 美国 的 利益 .

although biden hails taiwan 's democratization , he still sticks to the interests of the united states .
社会主义制度 的 自我 完善 和 发展 , 说到底 , 是 一个 体制 创新 问题 .

in the final analysis , self - perfection and self - development of the socialist system is a question of structural innovation .
人们 不禁 要 问 : 李登辉 意欲 何 为 ?

people cannot help but ask : just what are lee teng - hui intentions ?
我 经常 同 民主党派 的 领导人 就 一些 重大 问题 进行 讨论 .

i frequently hold discussions with the leaders of the democratic parties on a number of major issues .
六 是 整顿 印刷业 .

sixth , we must rectify the printing industry .
" 他 补充 说 , " 党中央 要求 我们 谨慎 从事 , 操之过急 反而 会 带来 很多 问题 .

he amplified this by saying that " the cpc central committee has demanded that we carry out this work in cautious fashion , since many problems will be caused if we are too impatient . "
这是 一 条 不可逾越 的 " 红线 " .

this is a " red line " that cannot be crossed .
非 公有制 经济 是 推动 我国 经济 发展 和 社会 进步 的 积极 力量 .

non - state - owned economies have proved a positive force in promoting the economic development and social progress of our country .
朱鎔基 指出 , 毒品 是 人类 社会 的 公害 .

zhu rongji pointed out that narcotics are public hazards of humanity .
田曾佩 说 , 中国 认为 , 建立 无 核武器 区 是 防止 核武器 扩散 的 一个 有效 途径 .

tian zengpei said , china holds that establishing nuclear - free zones is an effective way to prevent nuclear proliferation .
中国 已经 同 绝大多数 邻国 解决 了 旧 中国 遗留 下来 的 麻烦 问题 , 划定 了 边界 .

china has now resolved troublesome problems left over from old china with the great majority of its neighbors and defined the borders with them .
