面对 农业 和 农村 经济 结构 的 战略性 调整 , 必须 尽快 改变 目前 存在 的 思想 观念 , 领导 方法 和 干部 群众 的 素质 与 结构 调整 还 不 适应 的 状况 , 从 思想方法 到 工作 方法 来 一个 大 的 转变 .

in the face of the strategic readjustment of the agricultural and rural economic structures , we should quickly change the ideas , concepts , leading methods , and the quality of cadres and the masses that are not compatible with the situation in structural readjustment and bring about a tremendous change in the way of thinking and working methods .
丁佩玲 代表 对 改进 学校 教育 , 减轻 学生 负担 提出 三点 建议 : 切实 转变 观念 , 树立 正确 的 教育 观 ; 加强 对 教育 , 教学 改革 的 研究 ; 加强 教师 队伍 建设 , 努力 提高 教师 素质 .

deputy ding peiling made a three - point suggestion on improving school education and reducing students ' burden - - to conscientiously change concept and foster a correct outlook on education , to step up studies on the reform of education and teaching , and to strengthen the contingents of teachers and strive to improve the quality of teachers .
安徽 代表 李浩 说 , 今年 的 " 两 高 " 报告 突出 了 人民群众 反映 强烈 的 有罪 不 究 , 裁判 不公 , 超期 羁押 等 问题 , 并 公布 了 立案 侦查 涉嫌 贪赃枉法 , 徇私舞弊 的 司法 人员 的 人数 .

li hao , a deputy from anhui , said the two reports this year highlighted such problems as unprosecuted crimes , unfair trials , and prolonged detention , as well as published the number of judicial personnel who were investigated for taking bribes in violation of law , seeking personal gains , and committing irregularities .
成立 于 1989年8月 的 这 家 公司 , 先是 通过 折价 购买 等 手段 接收 有 问题 金融 机构 的 不良 资产 , 然后 采用 投资银行 的 手段 对 这些 资产 进行 清理 , 评估 , 分类 , 重组 , 拍卖 出售 , 成功 解决 了 大规模 不良 资产 的 问题 .

established in august 1989 , this company will first take over the bad assets of problem financial institutions by such means as purchasing at a discount ; and upon screening , evaluation , classification , and restructuring of these assets , it will eventually sell the assets at auction in the approach of an investment bank .
冯沪祥 又 说 , 陈云林 指出 , 中共 的 领导人 历来 的 讲话 , 都 没有 说 " 一个 中国 " 就是 " 中华人民共和国 " . 冯沪祥 认为 , 陈水扁 的 就职 演说 可以 有 上 , 中 , 下 三 选择 :

elmer feng also said chen yunlin pointed out that , in their speeches all along , cpc leaders have never said " one china " is the " people 's republic of china . "
参加 集训 的 第一 政委 普遍 感到 , 调整 改革 后 , 预备役 部队 的 工作 标准 高 了 , 担子 重 了 , 压力 大 了 , 正 面临 着 一个 怎样 进行 新 知识 补差 训练 的 紧迫 课题 .

most of the first political commissar attending the training felt that through the readjustment and reform , the work standards of reserve forces were enhanced , the burdens and pressure on reserve forces became heavier , and reserve forces were facing an urgent question , that is , how they should conduct the makeup training on new knowledge .
台湾 同胞 是 历代 从 大陆 迁徙 到 台 的 , 使用 同样 的 文字 , 语言 , 台胞 在 大陆 有 血缘 亲戚 , 每年 不少 台胞 还要 到 福建 拜 祭 妈祖 , 到 黄帝陵 拜 祭 华夏 民族 的 共同 祖先 .

taiwan compatriots are our blood relatives who moved from the mainland to taiwan over the past generations and they have used the same characters and language . many taiwan compatriots go back to fujian every year to pay homage to mazu and to the emperor 's tomb to pay respects to the common ancestor of the chinese nation .
所以 , 安南 主张 把 " 民间 社会 " 与 联合国 联系 起来 , 要 重视 并 发挥 非 政府 国际 组织 对 处理 国际 事务 的 作用 , 强调 人民 民间 社团 及 其他 非 国家 组织 的 作用 .

therefore , annan has proposed to join " private societies " with the un ; attach importance to and bring into play the role of ngo 's in handling international affairs ; and stressed the role of people , mass organizations , and other ngo 's in handling international affairs .
回顾 二十 多年 来 , 两岸 关系 还是 取得 了 非常 大 的 发展 , 这 说明 我们 在 中国 观念 之下 , 在 一个 中国 前提 下 , 很多 领域 比较 同一 , 易於 沟通 , 而且 在 人民 的 需求 和 推动 下 , 已经 走上 了 不归路 .

looking back at the past 20 - plus years , very great development was achieved in cross - strait relations .
领导干部 带头 实践 " 三 代表 " 重要 思想 , 首要 的 就是 坚定 理想 信念 , 把 建设 有 中国 特色 社会主义 的 共同 理想 和 实现 共产主义 的 远大 目标 , 作为 终身 不变 的 信仰 和 追求 .

in taking the lead in implementing the important concept of " three represents , " leading cadres should , above all , have firm ideals and convictions and take realizing the common ideal of building socialism with chinese characteristics and achieving the long - term , grand communist goal as their unchangeable lifelong conviction and pursuance .
党中央 和 红 一方面 军 主力 长征 到达 陕北 后 , 他 坚决 拥护 毛泽东 同志 的 正确 领导 , 自觉 维护 党中央 的 权威 , 模范地 执行 党 的 各项 决定 , 为 加强 红军 内部 的 团结 做 了 大量 工作 .

when the party central committee and the main force of the red first front army reached northern shaanxi , he firmly supported the correct leadership of comrade mao zedong , consciously protected the authority of the party central committee , and took lead in implementing various decisions of the party .
腐败 分子 在 党内 虽然 只 占 极 少数 , 但 他们 严重 败坏 了 党 和 政府 在 人民群众 中 的 形 像 , 影响 了 党 和 政府 与 人民群众 的 关系 , 破坏 了 改革 发展 稳定 的 大局 .

although corrupt elements within our party account for only an extremely small percentage , they have seriously impaired the image of our party and government in the eyes of the people , adversely influenced relations between our party and government and the people , and undermined the overall situation of reform , development and stability .
例如 , 一个 企业 究竟 是 搞 产品 输出 , 还是 搞 资本输出 , 关键 是 取决 於 企业 自身 的 利益 选择 , 如果 企业 在 国内 经营 有利 , 那麽它 就 不一定 非要 " 走出去 " , " 走出去 " 是 利益 选择 , 而不是 为了 " 走出去 " 而 " 走出去 " .

for instance , whether an enterprise should actually be engaged in export of products or export of capital is essentially determined by the enterprise 's own choice of interests ; if its domestic operations yield good results , then its " going out " is not necessarily justifiable .
六 国 的 一些 领导人 和 议员 近年来 曾 来华 访问 , 他们 高度 评价 我国 政治 稳定 , 经济 发展 , 民族团结 的 形势 , 希望 今后 进一步 扩大 交流 和 互访 , 让 更多 的 人 了解 中国 .

some leaders and parliamentary members of these six countries having visited china in recent years highly appraised the situation of political stability , economic development , and national unity in china and expressed hopes to further expand exchanges and mutual visits in the future so as to let more people understand china .
要 对 预算 单位 的 收支 情况 进行 全面 清理 , 合理 制定 各 部门 定员 和 经费 定额 标准 , 为 编制 预算 , 考核 预算 执行 情况 提供 依据 , 为 改革 预算 编制 工作 打好 基础 .

the receipts and payments of budgeting units should be comprehensively straightened up and the staffing and funding quotas for each department should be rationally set , so as to provide a basis for budgeting and checking the implementation of the budget and to lay a good foundation for reforming the budget preparation work .
现在 , 美国 却 全然 置 国际 裁军 与 军控 取得 的 进步 于 不顾 , 执意 要 发展 部署 导弹 防御 系统 , 修改 《 反 导 条约 》 , 这 将 使 国际 裁军 与 军控 进程 出现 逆转 的 危险 .

now that the united states is totally ignoring the progress made in international disarmament and arms control , and insisting on developing and deploying its abm system and on revising the " abm treaty , " the danger of reversal in the process of international disarmament and arms control has appeared .
但是 , 明确 地 将 一个 " 忠实 代表 " 扩展 为 三 " 忠实 代表 " , 并 将 三 " 忠实 代表 " 并列 提出 , 这 不仅 在 我们 党 的 历史 文献 中 是 第一 , 在 马克思主义 的 党建 学说 史 上 也是 第一 .

however , it not only is the first time in the party 's history that one " true represent " has been expanded into three " true represents " , and three " true represents " have been simultaneously proposed , it is also the first time in the history of marxist party building doctrine .
要 始终 用 " 三 代表 " 统一思想 , 提高 认识 , 坚决 抵御 各种 错误 思潮 的 侵蚀 , 坚定不移 地 维护 党 对 军队 的 绝对 领导 , 永远 忠于 党 , 忠于 人民 , 忠于 国家 , 忠于 社会主义 .

we should always use the " three represents " to unify our thinking ; enhance our understanding ; resolutely resist the corrosive influences of various erroneous ideological trends ; unswervingly safeguard the party 's absolute leadership over the military ; and always be loyal to the party , the people , the country , and socialism .
陈水扁 当选 后 曾 提出 什 麽 " 一个 中国 议题 论 " , 随后 在 他 的 就职 演说 , 又 提出 什 麽 " 未来 的 一个 中国 说法 " , 到 最近 出笼 的 是 " 九二 年 精神 " .

after he was elected , chen shui - bian put forward the " theory of one - china topic for discussion " ; and later , in his inauguration speech , he put forward the " idea of the future one china . " recently , he again put forward the " spirit in 1992 . "
江泽民 说 , 中 萨 虽然 相距 遥远 , 社会制度 和 发展 水平 不尽 相同 , 文化 传统 各异 , 但 同 为 亚太地区 的 发展中国家 , 均 肩负 著 维护 国家 主权 与 领土 完整 , 发展 经济 , 提高 人民 生活水平 的 任务 .

jiang zemin said : although china and samoa are far away from each other and have different social systems , development levels , cultures , and traditions , both are developing countries in asia - pacific region , shouldering the tasks of safeguarding national sovereignty , developing the economy , and improving people 's living standards .
针对 美国 宗教界 人士 提出 的 有些 新闻 报道 称 中国 逮捕 基督徒 的 传言 , 中国 基督教 协会 副会长 曹圣洁 牧师 说 , 她 不知道 报道 中 所 提 案例 的 具体 情况 , 但是 有 一点 可以 肯定 , 在 中国 没有人 会 因为 宗教 信仰 被 逮捕 .

referring to us concern over some media reports on the arrest of christians in china , ccc vice president clergywoman cao shengjie said she has no idea of the reported cases ' particular situation , but one thing for sure is that nobody is under arrest due to religious belief .
这是 因为 影片 贴近 现实 生活 , 直面 社会 矛盾 , 在 权 与 责 , 义 与 利 , 情 与 法 的 剧烈 冲突 中 塑造 有血有肉 的 人物 形 像 , 做到 了 思想性 与 艺术性 , 震撼 力 与 感染力 的 有机 统一 .

this is because the film is realistic . it confronts social problems and portrays human - like figures in episodes about clashes between powers and responsibilities , between obligations and benefits , and between passion and the law . it is a film that has organically unified ideology , arts , shock effects and appealing power .
在 回答 关於 中国 宗教界 对 政府 取缔 " 法 轮 功 " 持 何种 态度 的 提问 时 , 圣 辉 法师 说 : " 法 轮 功 " 造成 了 1600 多人 死亡 , 与 毒品 对 人 的 危害 没有 区别 .

commenting on the question of how chinese religious circles have reacted to the government 's banning " falungong , " buddhist master sheng hui said : " falungong " has been responsible for the death of more than 1600 people and harmed people in the same way as illicit drugs .
" 人民 网 面世 值得 庆贺 " 8月 23日 上午 , 人民 日报 社 社长 白克明 , 总编辑 许中田 由 副 总编辑 兼 网络 中心 主任 吴恒权 陪同 到 现场 观看 了 " 人民 网 " 展位 , 祝贺 " 人民 网 " 首次 公开 亮相 .

" the debut of the people 's network is worth congratulation " on the morning of 23 august , renmin ribao director bai keming and chief editor xu zhongtian , came to the spot in the company of wu hengquan , deputy chief editor of this paper and head of its network center .
1月4日 , 朝鲜 与 意大利 建立 外交关系 , 从而 使 意大利 成为 继 奥地利 , 丹麦 , 芬兰 , 葡萄牙 和 瑞典 之后 , 第六 与 朝 实现 关系 正常化 的 欧盟 国家 , 也是 西方 七 大 工业化 国家 中 第一 与 朝鲜 正式 建立 外交关系 的 国家 .

on 4 january , the dprk established diplomatic ties with italy , making it the sixth eu country to normalize diplomatic ties with the dprk after austria , denmark , finland , portugal , and sweden , and the first of the seven major western industrialized nations to formally establish diplomatic ties with the dprk .
《 ? ? 望 》 文章 : 对待 侵略 历史 的 两 反差 新华社 北京 8月28日 电 新华社 主办 的 《 ? ? 望 》 新闻 周刊 在 今天 出版 的 第35 上 , 发表 了 署名 唐天日 的 文章 , 题目 是 《 对待 侵略 历史 的 两 反差 》 .

beijing , august 28 (xna) - - the liaowang weekly of xinhua news agency published in its 35 th issue today a signed article by tang tianri , entitled " two contrastive looks at the history of aggression . "
会议 以 邓小平 理论 为 指导 , 全面 分析 了 我国 人口 老龄化 的 发展 趋势 , 总结 交流 了 老龄 工作 的 经验 , 进一步 明确 了 老龄 工作 的 指导思想 , 方针 原则 和 工作 目标 , 就 做好 老龄 工作 作出 部署 .

the conference used deng xiaoping theory as guide to thoroughly analyze the development and trend of china 's aging population ; it summed up and exchanged old - age work experience , further clarified the work 's guiding ideology , general and specific principles , and goal and made plans on how to do a good job .
据 村民 反映 , 周银荃 因 建 屋 等 问题 和 村 支书 村 治保 主任 等 村 干部 发生 过 冲突 , 曾 在 村里 贴 村 干部 的 " 大字报 " , 并 被 公安 部门 拘留 过 .

according to the villagers , he previously had a quarrel with village cadres , including the secretary of the village party branch and the chairman of the village security committee . he had put up big - character posters against village cadres and had been detained by the public security departments .
着眼 战备 需要 的 人民 防空 体系 记 : 人防 是 一个 复杂 的 系统工程 , 它 不仅仅是 挖 一些 " 防空洞 " , 而是 要 通过 众多 工作 , 形成 一个 防空 体系 , 东北 地区 人民 防空 体系 是 如何 建立 和 发展 起来 的 呢 ?

a civil air defense system focused on war readiness needs reporter : civil air defense is a complex systems engineering , which involves not only digging certain " bomb shelters , " but also doing much work to form an air defense system . how was the northeast china regional civil air defense system established and developed ?
大使 介绍 , 一九九八年 底 在 江主席 访日 期间 , 中日 之间 签订 了 三十三 合作 项目 , 这些 项目 包括 政治 , 经贸 , 科技 , 文教 , 全球化 问题 , 地域 问题 等 极 广泛 的 领域 .

according to the ambassador , china and japan signed 33 items of cooperation during president jiang 's visit to japan at the end of 1998 . these items covered an extremely wide range of areas , including politics , economy and trade , science and technology , culture and education , globalization , and regional issues .
" 红军 " 两 列 坦克 " 突击队 " 穿过 弥漫 的 硝烟 , 对 依托 坚固 阵地 顽抗 之 敌 实施 钳形 夹击 , 在 距 敌 2000多 米 处 突然 行进 间 射击 , 一阵 炸响 过后 , " 敌 " 地堡 灰飞烟灭 .

the tanks suddenly fired a volley of mortars on the move . the " enemy 's " bunker came up in smoke following a barrage of shelling .
而且 对 共和党 颇具 影响力 的 企业界 , 也 亟盼 新政府 能够 与 中共 政权 维持 友好 关系 , 以 促进 双方 的 贸易 与 投资 活动 ; 如此 一来 , 小 布希 对 中共 势必 要 谨言慎行 , 以免 激怒 企业界 的 支持者 .

furthermore , the business community , which has a considerable influence on the republican party , hopes that the new government will be able to maintain friendly ties with the cpc regime in order to promote trade and investment activities between the two sides .
一九二二年 发表 的 《 孙逸仙 宣言 》 中 说 , " 中国 是 一个 统一 的 国家 , 这一点 已 牢牢 地 印 在 我国 的 历史 意识 之中 , 正是 这种 意识 才 使 我们 能 作为 一个 国家 而 被 保存 下来 . "

in the " sun yat - sen declaration " published in 1922 , he wrote , " china is a unified country , and this has been firmly imprinted on the historical sense of our country . it is precisely because of this sense that we have been able to survive as a country . "
要 从 实现 " 三 代表 " 的 要求 , 为 跨入 新世纪 将 面临 的 挑战 做好 思想 , 政治 , 组织 准备 的 战略 高度 , 充分 认识 搞好 高校 ' 三 讲 " 教育 的 重要性 , 积极 做好 每个 阶段 的 工作 , 不断 提高 思想 认识 , 切实 防止 和 克服 厌烦 松劲 情绪 .

they should fully recognize the importance of properly carrying out " three stresses " education in colleges and universities in accordance with the requirements of the " three represents " and from the strategic vantage point of making ideological , political , and organizational preparations for the challenges in the new century .
江泽民 强调 , 在 新 的 世纪 里 , 只有 坚持 发展 我们 党 领导 的 最 广泛 的 爱国 统一战线 , 团结 全体 中华 儿女 共同 奋斗 , 实现 中华 民族 的 伟大 复兴 , 才 更 有 成功的 把握 .

jiang zemin stressed : in the new century , only by persistently developing the broadest patriotic united front under the leadership of the party and uniting all chinese people to work hard together will it be possible to succeed in bringing about the great rejuvenation of the chinese nation .
在 衣 , 食 , 住 , 行 , 文教 娱乐 等 消费 支出 中 , 食品 , 衣 著 支出 呈现 平缓 增长 , 而 交通 通讯 , 居住 , 文教 娱乐 消费 却 快速 增长 , 逐渐 成为 居民 的 消费 热点 .

of their expenditures for food , clothing , housing , transportation , culture , education , and recreation , money used for food and clothing has shown only a moderate increase , while expenditures for transportation , telecommunications , housing , culture , education , and recreation have grown rapidly and are gradually becoming the hot spots of consumption .
尤其是 重修 京义 铁路 协议 的 达成 , 将 使 这 条 连接 北 南 的 经济 大动脉 焕发 巨大 活力 , 对 发展 北 南 经济 合作 以及 建设 " 欧亚 大陆 桥 " 都 有 重要 意义 .

the conclusion of the agreement on rebuilding the seoul - sinuiju railway will enable this north - south economic artery to generate great vitality . it is also of major significance in developing north - south economic cooperation and building the " eurasian continental land bridge . "
选民 们 关注 更多 的 是 关系到 他们 切身 利益 的 美国 国内 政策 , 如 税收 , 社 | 福利 , 医疗 照顾 , 教育 等 , 因此 无论 是 布什 还是 戈尔 , 都 没有 在 竞选 中 把 精力 花费 在 阐述 其 ~ 交 政策 和 对华 政策 上 .

the voters paid more attention to the us domestic policies vital to their immediate interests , such as taxation , social welfare , medical care , and education . therefore , during the election campaign , bush did not devote his energy to expounding his foreign policy and his policy toward china , and neither did gore .
与会者 表示 , 要 深入 学习 贯彻 会议 精神 , 结合 自身 特点 , 充分 发挥 优势 , 为 建设 有 中国 特色 社会主义 的 经济 , 政治 , 文化 服务 , 为 维护 安定团结 的 政治 局面 服务 , 为 实现 祖国 完全 统一 服务 , 为 维护 世界 和平 与 促进 共同 发展 服务 .

they also pledged to energetically conduct economic , political , and cultural affairs for building socialism with chinese characteristics and maintain a political situation characterized by stability and unity . they also promised to serve the complete reunification of the motherland , maintain world peace , and promote common development .
旅游业 的 发展 , 离不开 民航 , 铁路 , 交通 等 产业 的 协作 配合 , 离不开 计划 , 财政 , 金融 等 部门 的 有力 扶持 , 离不开 商业 , 餐饮 , 娱乐 等 方面 的 配套 服务 .

development of the tourist industry requires the coordinated development of civil - aviation , railway , and other transportation industries ; powerful support from the economic - planning , financial , and banking departments ; and supplementary services provided by the commercial , catering - service , and entertainment sectors .
他 说 , 中国 共产党 与 叙利亚 复兴 党 1986年 正式 建立 友好 关系 以来 , 高层 互访 不断 , 友好 往来 日益 增多 , 为 两国 关系 的 全面 发展 开辟 了 新 的 渠道 , 增添 了 新 的 内容 .

he said that since the official establishment of friendly relations between the cpc and the syrian renaissance party in 1986 , exchanges of high - level visits have been carried out continuously and friendly contacts have been increasing .
大量 事实 表明 , " 法 轮 功 " 在 港 的 组织 和 活动 , 正在 发生 蜕变 的 质变 , 完全 是 假 宗教 , 文化 之 名 而 行 政治 之 实 , 对 其 已经 和 可能 产生 的 危害 , 必须 认真 加以 分析 和 严正 注视 .

hosts of facts have shown that the organization and activities of " falungong " in hong kong are undergoing a transformation , and it is really engaged in politics under a false pretext of religion and culture , and it is essential to seriously analyze and pay serious attention to the harm it has done and may do .
双方 还 就 美国 售 台 武器 , 中国 加入 世界 贸易 组织 , 美国 的 " 国家 导弹 防御 系统 " 和 " 战区 导弹 防御 系统 " , " 法 轮 功 " 等 问题 坦诚 , 友好 地 交换 了 意见 .

both sides also frankly and friendly exchanged views on issues including us sales of weapons to taiwan , china 's joining the world trade organization , the us " national missile defense system , " the " theater missile defense system , " and " falungong . "
同时 , 各 部队 还 派出 " 课外辅导 员 " 深入 偏远 农牧区 和 农牧 团 场 等 为 各民族 群众 普及 科普 知识 , 帮助 广大 农牧民 认清 " 法 轮 功 " 的 邪教 本质 , 共同 维护 边疆 的 繁荣 稳定 .

various units also dispatched tutors to remote rural areas to give lectures to local peasants and herdsmen , helping them understand the evil cult nature of " falungong " and arousing their enthusiasm for jointly safeguarding the prosperity and stability of the border areas .
消息 人士 透露 , 庄如顺 在 自杀 未遂 后 , 对 涉及 远华 案 已有 悔 意 , 首先 揭发 福建省 委 宣传部 长 李闽忠 在 担任 漳州 市委 书记 期间 , 接受 赖昌星 贿赂 高级 房 车 等 .

he took the initiative in bringing to light some facts , which include that li minzhong , head of the fujian provincial propaganda department , accepted a luxurious limousine from lai changxing when li minzhong worked as secretary of zhangzhou city .
其实 , 朝鲜 伊拉克 利比亚 和 伊朗 等 都是 第三世界 国家 , 他们 根本 就 没有 核导弹 , 怎 麽 可能 对 美国 构成 核威胁 ? 不错 , 有些 国家 的确 拥有 少量 的 弹道 导弹 , 比如 伊拉克 就是 一 例 .

in fact , the dprk , iraq , libya , and iran are all third - world countries with no nuclear arms at all , so how can they pose a nuclear threat to the united states ? it is true that some countries indeed possess a few ballistic missiles , iraq , for example .
以 本人 对 美国 的 长期 研究所 见 , 感到 美国 人 忧患 意识 特别 强 , 很少 有 自吹自擂 的 时候 , 总 感觉 自己 这 也 不行 , 那 也 不足 , 颇有 点 高处 不胜 寒 的 意思 .

from what i have seen through studying the united states for a long time , i feel that americans have a particularly strong sense of insecurity and rarely blow their own trumpet , they always feel that they are deficient or inadequate in this or that respect .
对 於世贸 规则 上 中国 在 许多 方面 还 没有 相应 立法 的 问题 , 在 国际上 享有盛誉 的 法学 家 郭寿康 最近 指出 , 中国 在 服务 贸易 , 保障 措施 , 电讯 , 保护 集成电路 布 图 设计 等 方面 的 法律 , 都 需要 尽快 提上 立法 日程 .

with that issue in mind , guo shoukang , the world - renowned legal scholar , recently said that china needs to prepare legislation in many areas as soon as possible , including service trade , assurance measures , telecommunications , and integrated circuit design protection .
委员 发言 不同 一般 , 他 有 他 的 责任心 , 同时 也 有 他 的 见解 和 见识 , 他 的 意见 还是 很 重要 , 我 觉得 这 精神 , 确实 应该 在 全国 政协 范围 里面 发扬 .

the speeches delivered by members are extraordinary and demonstrate their sense of responsibility as well as understanding and insights . their opinions are also very important and i think that this spirit should be brought into play within the scope of the national cppcc .
在 回答 记者 有关 中国 加入 世贸 组织 对 香港 , 澳门 地区 经济 有 什 麽 影响 时 , 石广生 说 , 中国 加入 世贸 组织 后 , 不仅 将 为 中国 内地 带来 发展 的 机遇 , 而且 将对 香港 和 澳门 的 经济 发展 产生 积极 影响 , 带来 发展 机遇 .

in response to a reporter 's question concerning the economic impact on hong kong and macao after china joins the wto , shi guangsheng said that in addition to the development opportunities it will bring to mainland china , china 's wto entry will have a positive impact on hong kong and macao .
近期 面临 三 大 考验 如果说 布什 政府 上任 近 两个 月 来 中美 双方 还 只是 处于 相互 试探 , 相互 磨合 的 阶段 的话 , 那 幺 在 今后 几个 月 里 两国 关系 可能 面临 三 重大 考验 .

three imminent major tests if sino - us relations have only been at the level of mutual exploration in the two months since the bush administration took office , relations between the two countries may face three major tests in the coming months .
对此 窘况 , 去年 年底 美国 智库 的 一 份 报告 评论说 , 在 亚洲 , 美国 的 支配 性 地位 " 受到 充满 混合 的 欢迎 " , 因为 亚洲 金融 危机 表明 , " 当 美国 的 朋友 需要 帮助 时 , 美国 未能 帮助 他们 " .

in view of this predicament , a us think tank report at the end of last year commented that the controlling role of the united states in asia " is given a mixed reception " because the asian financial crisis has shown that " when america 's friends needed help , america could not help them . "
马克思主义 诞生 以来 , 一代 又 一代 马克思主义 者 遵循 实践 , 认识 , 再 实践 , 再认识 的 规律 , 与 时俱 进 , 不断 研究 新 情况 , 解决 新 问题 , 创造 新 经验 , 从而 推动 马克思主义 在 实践 中 不断 开拓 新 的 境界 .

since the birth of marxism , marxists from generation to generation have abided by the law of practice , cognition , further practice , and further cognition , made advances with the time , repeatedly studied new situations , resolved new problems , and created new experiences , thus impelling marxism to continually open up new realms in practice .
发生 在 中国 南海 上空 的 这 起 撞 机 事件 , 在 国人 中 引起 了 强烈 的 愤慨 , 说 它 是 美国 政府 轰炸 我 驻 南 使馆 以来 对 中国 人民 欠下 的 又 一 笔 血债 , 一点 也 不 为 过 .

this midair collision over the south china sea has aroused strong indignation among the chinese , who say that it is another blood debt owed to the chinese people after the bombing of the chinese embassy in yugoslavia , and that is no exaggeration .
XHZSS0024. 20010407 ( 4329 ) 江泽民 主席 在 联合国 拉丁 美洲 和 加勒比 经济 委员会 发表 演讲 新华社 圣地亚哥 4月6日 电 中国 国家主席 江泽民 6日 在此间 联合国 拉丁 美洲 和 加勒比 经济 委员会 发表 题为 《 共同 开创 中 拉 友好 合作 的 新世纪 》 的 演讲 .

santiago , 6 apr ( xinhua ) - - on 6 april , prc president jiang zemin gave a speech entitled " jointly creating a new century of friendly cooperation between china and latin america " in santiago to the un economic commission for latin america and the caribbean region .
参 议长 阁下 曾於 1985年 访问 过 中国 , 相信 你 再次 访华 , 一定 会 看到 中国 发生 的 许多 变化 , 也 一定 会 对 增进 我们 双方 的 了解 和 推动 中 智 友好 合作 十分 有益 .

your excellency visited china in 1985 , and i believe that , when you visit china again , you definitely will see that many changes have taken place in china and your visit definitely will be very beneficial to increasing mutual understanding and boosting friendly cooperation between china and chile .
一 声 声 祝福 的 电话 , 一 封 封 关切的 信函 , 一 束 束 绽开 的 鲜花 , 汇 成 一 股 股 爱 的 暖流 , 将 人们 对 王伟 生命 的 关爱 送到 湖州 , 送到 陵水 , 送到 北京 , 送到 海 天 之间 .

like warm currents , the many telephone calls , letters , and flower bouquets from well - wishers who were concerned about wang wei , were delivered to huzhou , lingshui , and beijing .
此次 台 军 进行 的 主战 武器 射击 , 大部分 为 远程 攻击 性 武器 , 突出 了 台 军 " 境外 决战 " 新 的 战略 构想 , 并且 在 演习 中 还 注重 对 新型 武器 的 组合 战术 运用 , 以 检验 其 战术 技术 性能 , 有效 发挥 各 型 武器 的 整体 战 力 .

the taiwan navy test - fired the hsiung feng ii long - range supersonic antiship missile from the cheng kung - class frigate . most of the weapons tested were long - range attack weapons , underscoring the taiwan military 's new " offshore decisive battle " strategic concept .
他 对 中国 在 经济 建设 中 所 取得 的 发展 和 成就 表示 高度 赞赏 , 也 为 奥地利 企业界 能够 参与 中国 的 发展 感到 自豪 , 并 表示 , 对 双方 今后 在 各个 领域 的 合作 充满 信心 .

he highly commented on the developments and achievements china has made in its economic construction , and also said that he was proud of the austrian enterprises being able to participate in china 's development . he said he is full of confidence in future cooperation between the two sides in all fields .
社论 认为 , 不论 编织 多少 华丽 的 修辞 , 如果 连 第一 的 " 共识 " 都 否定 掉 , 造成 最 起码 的 对话 与 交流 都 无从 启动 , 那 也就 别 奢 言 下一步 怎 麽 减少 彼此的 误解 了 .

the editorial said , if the " consensus , " as the first step , is denied , making the most basic dialogue and exchange impossible , then , no matter how much flowery language is used , it is superfluous to talk about how to reduce misunderstanding between the two sides .
从 资金 使用 来看 , 一方面 以 较高 的 成本 吸引 外资 , 另一方面 又 保留 大量 较低 收益 的 外汇 资产 ; 一方面 拥有 全球 三分之二 的 外汇储备 , 另一方面 又 无力 抵抗 国际 投机 资本 的 冲击 .

judging from the use of capital , the region attracts foreign investments at a rather high cost , and retains large amounts of foreign exchange assets that yield rather low returns . it owns two - thirds of the global foreign reserves , but is incapable of resisting the impact of international speculative capital .
第四 , 完善 国防 教育 法规 制度 , 加强 执法 监督 检查 《 国防 教育法 》 将 《 国防法 》 和 《 教育法 》 有关 国防 教育 的 规定 具体化 , 同时 也 为 完善 有关 国防 教育 的 法规 和 规章 制度 提供 了 依据 .

fourth , improve the regulations and rules for national defense education , intensify law enforcement supervision and inspection . the national defense education law adds more details to the stipulations of the national defense law and the education law on national defense education .
为 确保 夜间 机动 的 隐蔽性 , 他们 把 无 照明 机动 , 夜间 技术 保障 作为 强化 训练 课目 , 通过 分 训 , 轮训 , 合 训 等 形式 , 逐步 突破 夜间 机动 作战 中 的 " 瓶颈 " .

to guarantee the invisibility of night maneuver operations , this regiment strengthened the training of carrying out maneuvers without lighting and providing technical support at night , and gradually broke the " bottleneck " during night maneuver operations through separate training , rotational training and group training .
如果 国家 导弹 防御 计划 付诸实施 , 将会 破坏 全球 的 战略 平衡 与 稳定 , 损害 大国 间 的 相互 信任 与 合作 , 阻碍 国际 裁军 进程 和 防 扩散 努力 , 并 引发 新 一 轮 军备 竞赛 .

if the nmd plan were implemented , it would shatter global strategic balance and stability , damage mutual trust and cooperation among the world 's great nations , hinder international efforts to reduce and halt the spread of armaments , and touch off a new arms race .
据报道 , 扁 政府 执政 以来 的 一 年 间 , 全 岛 自杀 的 人数 达 二千六百 人 , 平均 每天 七 人 , 创 九 年 来 之最 , 而 自杀 的 原因 大多 是 因为 失业 .

according to reports , in the one year since the bian administration has been in power , the number of suicides on the island has reached 2,600 , an average of seven per day , the highest in nine years . moreover , the most common reason people are committing suicide is that they have lost their job .
韩升洙 强调 , 韩国 政府 继续 奉行 金大中 总统 执政 以来 确定 的 对 朝 政策 , 高度 评价 中方 在 维护 地区 和平 与 稳定 , 特别是 在 为 促进 朝鲜半岛 的 和平 进程 上 所 发挥 的 积极 作用 .

han seung soo stressed that the rok government would continue to pursue the policy toward the dprk which was defined since president kim dae - jung came into power . he spoke highly of the chinese side for maintaining regional peace and stability , particularly for playing a positive role in facilitating the peace process of the korean peninsula .
姜春云 说 , 近 几 年 , 中国 计生 协 在 全国 表彰 了 一大批 先进 单位 和 先进个人 , 各地 也 都 推出 了 一批 有 特色 的 先进 典型 , 如何 把 这些 典型 经验 推开 , 使之 大面积 开花结果 , 促进 协会 工作 整体 水平 的 提高 , 是 需要 著 力 抓好 的 一件 大事 .

jiang chunyun said : in recent years , the china family planning association has commended a great number of advanced units and advanced individuals , and localities have also set up a batch of advanced models of their own characteristics .
李鹏 强调 , 村民委员会 组织法 的 贯彻 实施 , 坚定 了 农民 群众 跟党走 建设 有 中国 特色 社会主义 道路 的 信心 和 决心 , 巩固 了 党 在 农村 的 执政 基础 , 发扬 了 我国 社会主义制度 的 优越性 .

li stressed : the implementation of the organic law of villagers committees has strengthened the confidence and determination of the peasant masses to follow the party in taking the path of building socialism with chinese characteristics , consolidated the party power - wielding basis in rural areas , and carried forward the superiority of china socialist system .
张健 表示 , 他 是 遭 中共 部队 杀伤 的 第一 手无寸铁 的 学生 , 数小时 后 , 他 被 同学 用 一 辆 破 车 推 到 医院 , 车 上 尚 有 四 受伤 同学 , 所 经 之处 , 满目疮痍 , 医院 内 更是 死伤 累累 的 无辜 学生 及 支持 运动 的 工人 百姓 .

several hours later , he was wheeled to a hospital on a broken cart . with him were four other fellow students who had also been injured . what he saw on the way was quite a pathetic sight . in the hospital , there were many innocent students and their worker supporters who had been wounded or killed .
新华社 上海 6月15日 电 ( 记者 潘清 周晓华 ) 外交部 副部长 张德广 今天 说 , " 上海 合作 组织 " 成员国 元首 会议 的 各项 议程 已 顺利 完成 , 预定 的 目标 均 已 实现 , 取得 了 圆满 成功 .

shanghai , 15 jun ( xinhua ) vice foreign minister zhang deguang said today : the summit meeting of the heads of state of the member countries of the shanghai cooperation organization (sco) has successfully completed all items on the agenda , reached all its preset objectives , and has been a complete success .
虽然 在 台面 下 , 政府 基 於 政治 立场 考量 , 并未 在 政策 上 予以 支持 , 同时 也 不断 提醒 民间 单位 要 注意 中共 的 统战 , 但 民间 的 观点 则 较 一致 , 倾向 支持者 多 .

although the government has not implemented any policy to support it because of its political stand and has repeatedly reminded non - government organizations to pay attention to the united front work of the chinese communists , most people have shared the view of supporting the application .
此次 拉姆斯菲尔德 提出 的 新 军事 战略 , 则 放弃 了 这 一 重要 战略 " 基石 " , 将 战争 准备 的 重点 转移 到 亚洲 , 以 应付 该 地区 可能 出现 的 " 有损于 美 国家利益 的 安全 隐患 和 重大 事态 " .

this time , in the new military strategy set forth by rumsfeld did cast away the major strategic " cornerstone . " the gravity of war preparations was shifted to asia for coping with the possible appearance of " hidden perils and serious events that may harm the national interests of the united states . "
从严 治 党 , 必须 全面 贯彻 於 党 的 思想 , 政治 , 组织 , 作风 建设 , 切实 体现 到 对 各级 党组织 , 广大 党员 和 干部 进行 教育 , 管理 , 监督 的 各个 环节 中 去 .

strictness in party discipline must be implemented in party building in ideological , political , and organizational fields as well as work style and must be truly reflected in all the aspects of education , management , and supervision of party organizations at all levels , and the broad masses of party members and cadres .
二 是 推进 财政 制度 改革 , 要 积极 推行 部门 预算 制度 改革 , 国库 集中 收付 制度 改革 和 税费 改革 , 继续 认真 落实 " 收支 两 条 线 " 规定 , 加强 预算外 资金 监管 .

it is necessary to actively reform the departmental budgetary system , adopt the state treasury 's concentrated revenue and expenditure system , and reform the tax and fee systems . the rules on separating the management of revenue from the management of expenses should be seriously implemented . funds outside the budgets should be brought under stricter control .
在 该 团 装备 管理 中心 , 可 随时 查阅 雷达站 的 登记 统计 资料 及 器材 库存 情况 , 雷达站 的 各种 报表 也 可用 电子邮件 直接 传到 团 装备 管理 中心 , 开始 向 " 科技 型 " 管理 迈进 .

at the regiment equipment management center , one can check the registration and statistics data and materials reserve of radar stations . the radar stations can email their reports to the center . so , the equipment management is becoming " high - tech . "
返 台 后 不到 两个 月 , 他 所 倡导 的 " 全民 政府 " 垮台 , 民进党 被迫 组成 " 少数 政府 " , 停建 " 核 四 " 导致 在野党 结盟 对抗 民进党 , 台湾 政局 呈现 混乱 动荡 状态 .

less than two months after his return to taiwan , the all - people government initiated by him collapsed , the dpp was forced to form a inority government , and the decision to suspend the construction of a fourth nuclear plant resulted in the opposition parties forming an alliance to oppose the dpp .
去年 八月 陈水 扁 第一 出访 时 , 他 分别 给 了 多米尼加 哥斯达黎加 布基纳法索 美元 四百六十万四千二百万三千万 的 红包 , 声称 新 政权 对 旧 政权 的 贷款 案 援助 案 都会 " 概括 承受 " , 保证 未来 援助 " 一定 会 增加 " .

when chen went abroad for the first time on an official visit , he handed dominica , costa rica , and burkina faso a red envelop containing $ 4.6 million , $ 42 million , and $ 30 million respectively .
一 , 发展 一批 大公司 和 企业集团 事关 经济 发展 全局 这 几 年 , 许多 同志 都 深深 地 体会到 , 要 参与 国际 竞争 , 我国 还 缺少 这样 一批 具有 国际 竞争力 的 大公司 和 企业集团 .

i. development of some large companies and enterprise groups is critical to the overall economic development in recent years , many comrades have come to realize deeply that with regard to participating in international competition , china still does not have enough large companies and enterprise groups with such competitive capability .
老同志 们 说 , 学习 领会 " 七一 " 讲话 精神 , 是 全党 的 大事 , 作为 老同志 , 思想 不能 离退休 , 党员 的 责任 义务 不能 丢 , 我们 一定 要 认真 学习 和 坚决 拥护 江 总书记 " 七一 " 重要 讲话 .

the veteran comrades said that studying and comprehending the spirit of the 1 july speech is a major event for the whole party . as veteran comrades , we cannot stop thinking , still less shirk the responsibility of party members . we must seriously study and resolutely support general secretary jiang 's important speech delivered on 1 july .
实践 证明 , 我国 的 石油 公司 有能力 在 海外 创业 , 为 国家 拿回 更多 的 份额 油 , 我们 要 加大 海外 的 投入 , 争取 较快 地 提高 份额 油 在 石油 引进 中 的 比例 .

on the basis of making sufficient studies and proving the feasibility , we should boldly take actions . practice shows that the petroleum companies in our country have the ability to launch their ventures abroad and bring back more oil products as dividends .
靖 国 神社 内 所有 与 那场 侵略战争 相关 的 说法 都是 " 大 东亚 战争 " , 甚至 妄称 " 大 东亚 战争 " 是 日本 军队 从 白人 的 统治 下 解放 亚洲 国家 的 " 圣战 " .

the matter related to the aggressive war and the shrine is called the " great east asian war " and a " sacred war " launched by japanese troops to liberate asian countries from their wild rulers .
