under such a background , china must merge with the world economy , it is necessary to speed up the development of high - tech industries ,
comprehensive national strength and the improvement of this industry position in the international division of labor .
article 20 the people 's bank of china
the branches of the
branch and are responsible for were assigned to the renminbi issuance funds .
the new millennium
this will gather in
the new ideas
the trend of world development of the new century
the new blueprint .
many the development of scientists and editing personnel have increasingly felt china 's scientific and technical periodicals
the development of china 's science and technology .
the balkans , in somalia to afghanistan , it has almost no one day busy themselves not meddle in others ' affairs ,
a war . years are not interfere in other countries '
the vast number of developing countries
participation and cooperation
the irrational and unfair international economic order and one of the important reason for this is precisely a large number of developing countries 's accession to the wto .
- - foreign ministry spokesman zhu bangzao said here today
military cooperation is aimed at
's sovereignty and territorial integrity .
the european union executive board meeting
the " leading to the european security policy in 2000 " report on the
the common security and foreign policies , the european union
the european collective security mechanism
at present , the level of the yuan exchange rate
at present , the domestic economic structure and the inflation of the domestic
sustained decline , and the renminbi at home and appreciation pressure
underestimate the foreign
法马通 company 一九九九年六月 , sichuan chemical 机械厂 and french cooperation ,
百万千瓦 level large pressure on the water reactor nuclear power 厂主 channel officially products production , and was completed in january this year .
the leaders of china 's domestic and foreign policies , and pursue
china 's achievements in economic and social development
xiao yang , president of the supreme people 's court , and the central political and legal affairs committee , the supreme people 's court , the people 's daily
relevant leading comrades of the central people 's radio , ribao of the legal system 社 of the central television station
the future of taiwan
a
with the mainland of the motherland 's reunification ,
the beijing international highway 接力赛
friendly exchanges and sports exchange of sino - japanese friendship of the people , developing countries in the world
wang yi and le cong phung
the annual consultations , foreign affairs
the two sides international and regional issues of common concern
the road of reunification of the country
the difficulties and obstacles and , but make any attempt to separate taiwan from china are all doomed to failure .
choosing peaceful reunification between the two sides of the taiwan compatriots ,
a wise choice .
the work of strengthening and improving education , not only school education departments , and families and society in various areas should
a research report international organizations
the international of china 's science and technology competitiveness ranking
drop by a big margin , ranking moderately 偏下 , has aroused the people of insight attention .
the " speech , 好似 响雷
china , to put forward the requirement of the education of party committees and government at all levels .
these problems ,
school , family , and even the common efforts of the entire society , we will be able
the issue of mankind , no one will be able to seize the opportunity , 争得 advantages , and advance ahead of the world ahead .
the establishment of the state council 's national people 's congress standing committee for national economic and social development - year plan , and the draft of the long - term plan , it should be held in the national people 's congress a month ago , and submitted five - year plan .
some western countries
another " human rights are above sovereignty " argument
the value of the people
the value of the country .
how to resolve the taiwan issue ,
the great cause of china 's reunification ,
their own affairs of the chinese people ,
the us anti - china politicians will not
the chinese people 's determination and capability to safeguard state sovereignty and territorial integrity .
china 's current human rights seminar ,
on the human rights issue between the asia - pacific countries exchanges and cooperation
the international law and principles of the three sino - us joint communiques , and
china 's sovereignty and territorial integrity .
the leader of the state council , and ministries and commissions leaders of the
to listen to the views of the deputies and committee members ,
the administrative efficiency and quality .
the construction of infrastructure
the building of the ecological environment
vigorously developing science and technology , and education ,
the intensity of reform and opening up .
, and lanzhou to oil chengdu , the burden is heavy and the beijing - 高速铁路 , guangxi , and the asia - pacific 海缆 龙滩 small hydropower stations and projects ,
the early years of the progress of the work .
it is necessary to inspect the implementation of the party 's line , principles , and policies and resolution ,
and the investigation and handling of serious violation of political discipline .
the china electric power supply in five - year plan , the construction of power , the tense situation
this bill
in light of the successful experiences of foreign countries
china now has a good environment of legislation .
this 涉及到 the vital interests of many workers and staff members , all localities
the relevant state policies
, needed capital
the leading to cultivate and develop industries ,
the economic superiority in beijing 's suburbs .
马力 of the hong kong npc deputies
president jiang zemin
after the views of the delegates begin his speech .
the tariff system of our country
therefore , high tariffs in the name
on china 's domestic economy role in protecting
china 's actual tariffs
various aspects of the hong kong people should
the authority of the chief executive
around the chief executive
the special administrative region in line with the basic law administration .
the scale of production or technological quality
the quality of workers ,
advanced international level
the gap .
many deputies and cppcc members
jiang zemin and other central committee political bureau standing committee of the grassroots level ,
the " three stresses " education , it is encouraging .
the combination of 1000年 , china on 北宋 period ,
the level of productive forces , and other thinking of science and technology , culture , and many other aspects
modern technology and information industry
the units of large - scale use of information technology .
last year , a row organized a training class at the county level cadres and seven a large - scale concentrated training for the 592 the state 's key to support the poverty - stricken counties more than 1,400 cadres at the county level .
china 's wto entry
china 's economic and social
outside world
the government 's management ability
the new requirements and tests .
by that time , the international community will how to protect china 's sovereignty and territorial integrity , the chinese government will resort in whatever means to safeguard its sovereignty and territorial integrity ?
a number of isolationism
open the door to china
the choice of the congress
the arats held a news conference this morning
early date is not reunification or 晚点 reunification issue , the two sides of the strait at present ,
the issue of " taiwan independence " .
it is necessary to focus on the overall situation , guard against the one - sided ,
responsible persons of the
the " law of the people 's bank of china
over the past five years , the central bank of china according to law formulation and implementation of the monetary policy level
, financial supervision and control capability
" peace " the word understanding , some differences ,
i it is necessary to
you methods , and said that this is peaceful reunification .
the leaders of the
a elements of the chinese people ,
the chinese leaders this proposal .
china 's large people , the development of the productive forces
, regional development
with a period of time
pace as the prosperity
.
this backdrop of the
countries ,
close cooperation , and a country 's internal
there are against the historical trend .
if there are any people , dare to split the country , and dare together with
" taiwan independence , "
taiwan from china 's territory
, whether or not to recognize the one - china principle is that the touchstone for testing the negotiations side and whether sincerity ,
state - owned enterprises
supervision mechanisms of state - owned enterprises ,
the supervision of the state - owned enterprises
the regulations .
the " taiwan independence " forces 拥兵 自重 ,
the area of defense and the goal of the main island of taiwan , and islands rather ,
many scattered defense
at the meeting , the central propaganda department , liu peng , deputy director of the
the " decision
, zhang weiqing , minister of the state family planning commission
the spirit of the " decision ,
put forward the requirements of the population and family planning work .
the east china sea university professor 谢渝生
, declaring that lee teng - hui
" democracy , " it
the practice of " democracy . "
the pier set up in the category 装卸 garbage , oil , and other toxic and harmful in this life 饮用水 the conservation of water resources protection zones .
in the economies of various countries will become closer and mutual trust , economic globalization is speeding up the development of the two sides , the more necessary to strengthen exchanges and cooperation ,
good friends , good neighbors and good partners .
a lot of launching the use of cruise missiles , and 防区 precision guidance and ammunition
the " non - contact the nature of the war " air attack precision ,
the main combat pattern of modern warfare .
this activities ,
the cohesion and combat strength .
几首 歪诗 , and the power of the mind cannot be contained desire to this point , read read li hongzhi
the long - term development of china 's mineral resources ,
heilongjiang , including the daqing , 鞍山 liaoning and fushun 攀枝花 , sichuan , and other more than 300 based on the mining industry in cities and towns .
the chinese party and government
the traditional prc - dprk friendship ,
the unremitting efforts of the prc - dprk friendship and cooperation .
the actual situation into consideration because of various reasons for the part of the depositors should not to personally financial institutions in handling deposit , " the real - name system of individual deposit accounts "
acting savings system .
new problems , it is necessary to meet the new situation and the emergence of social development ,
as an important position .
the broad prospects of e - commerce , however , the development of e - commerce
a huge systematic project
the degree of information industry is relatively low , and other factors restricting the
the development of e - commerce it is more
the long - term and complicated .
to submit false documents or take other means of fraudulent fraud registered , once
the industrial and commercial administrative organs
the thinking of the source ,
, there is still a establish the NULL thinking , handling , and the issue of safeguarding good two overall situations .
the internal reform of enterprises
the enterprise personnel , labor , distribution system reform
the formation of workers and staff members will advance , and management personnel 能上能下 , the income can be out of the can enhance be able to reduce mechanism .
the joint efforts of the new
the mutually beneficial cooperation between the two countries
in the new century
even greater development .
legitimate religious activities ,
the chinese government
consistently
the principle of peaceful reunification ,
the taiwan compatriots
the greatest sincerity
foreign minister david levy and the sharon
this visit is bound to the development of relations between the two countries
the new driving force
beyond the state sovereignty in the contemporary world , safeguarding human rights action can only be
the un approval and leaders at all
member states within the regional and international organizations
the colonialist mentality of extreme nationalism elements , ishihara 's
any tendency ,
the ugly nature of china , the dprk and the rok the three countries people , have long
the impact of these interest groups to congress
the us congress and government
the viewpoint of the interests of some groups , some public opinion and some media .
the issue of china 's human rights
this issue
some cadres
taking actions , 投其所好 , objectively speaking
corrupt behavior .
carrying out cooperation in many fields , such
south africa 's development and progress
the utmost importance .
the south african government
the one - china principle , 给与 the chinese side valuable support on various occasions expressed his thanks for this .
sino - south african diplomatic relations between time
the development of bilateral relations
potential for cooperation between the two sides
the specific cooperative achievements .
the result of the vote ,
the us congress of the vote the number of votes
he expressed the belief that the final result will be the "
the study and enthusiasm , young officers and soldiers in from cities to the border areas , 座 the barracks from the academies and schools to the company , and the republic of unprecedented louder ,
the quality of the officers and men the gap between the
the cause of the society ,
however , the root cause of
the minds of some leaders
in keeping with the military struggle preparation for ideas and concepts .
in particular , it should be pointed out that
in their best to expand its military strength at the same time , the japanese militarist forces
actively support and development of electronic technology industries , technology and biological and pharmaceutical industry , and new materials industry , and maritime technology industries , and environmental protection technology industry , and other high - tech industries .
drug - free communities " activities ,
the anti - drug propaganda and education work .
the unchecked spread of pirated publications , and
scientists , artists , and the innovation of the authors and all kinds of copyright enthusiasm in terms of overall quality of the nation and improve and progress .
out of chen shui - bian a few areas personal belief and the political operation within the island of taiwan , and some media 's attitude and policy of the united states and other reasons .
the " peaceful coexistence , "
most of the development of relations between the two countries
the experts and scholars
the fundamental interests of the people on both sides , but NULL peace
china 's reunification .
屠宰税 养猪 collection , the number of townships and towns
, following the peasants '
猪头 : " tax "
" 人头税 . "
ninth , cultural , educational exchanges and improve the quality
the 21 st century , intellectual , and talent is the largest resources
the key factor for the development of the country .
third ,
the development of the social and economic development and the improvement of the living standards of the people , insurance industry
a diversified needs of insurance .
the fundamental prerequisite for a country to bring about human rights
the principle of equality of sovereignty and noninterference in internal affairs
the major cornerstone of the ensure the healthy development of international human rights cause .
a political commentator , the commentator
the nature ,
the police high - level
all as targets by the terrorist organizations , in addition to every two patrol a time ,
taiwan 's trade exports
the united states , the us trade surplus
putting pressure on taiwan , " 301 " forced by a big margin , the new appreciation .
tung chee - hwa 's popularity
in march 五十九点一 ,
an unprecedented 六点二 ,
he 最低 . since he assumed office
this 大节 ,
, chairman of the china securities regulatory commission
china 's insurance 马永伟 chairman of the
as the main theme speeches one after another .
29 ministries and commissions of the state and 22 provinces and municipalities would provide counterpart support of the three gorges reservoir region
every year , the reservoir area
provide counterpart support of a huge amount of funds
the central authorities ' policy decisions
a good momentum of development .
economic development , and improve the living standards of the people , the demand for using - -
in a period of the two countries cooperation in various fields
the two countries ' strategic cooperative partnership
a reporter 's question
china 's news of sri lanka minister of industry and
the strategic policy for the implementation of the central military commission of science and technology strengthening the army with science and technology and education and training , enhance the naval air force 's long - range combat capability
海航 party committee
the training by oil .
the " falungong " practitioners ,
their health and life ,
the evil nature of " falungong " not a healthy , and disregard life .
the fry assembly adhere to the one - china principle ,
the chinese government 's principled stand on resolving the taiwan issue , and policies .
the relationship between building socialism with chinese characteristics an important experience , stressed that china 's reform and opening up , and economic construction , it is necessary to correctly handle reform , development , and stability .
好儿女 of the chinese people ,
the pride of the chinese press
with the us - led nato years ago
today , we again review and some will be even more profound enlightenment . the kosovo war ,
the anti - missile defense plan of the western allies of the united states for the united states
the first expressed his
on the contrary ,
the public speech or consultations under will
this system has expressed serious concern .
ladies and gentlemen :
the arrival of the new century
the new stage of development will enter a building a well - off society and striving to basically achieve modernization .
the book of lee teng - hui 's " proposal " taiwan
the flood
serious 大患 impact on china 's economic and social development and the people 's livelihood and drought
the influence of agricultural production
the state administration of industry and commerce ,
all - round arrangements , centralized and unified action , and severely crack down on pyramid marketing and covert pyramid scheme activities .
britain for example , because legal loopholes , 58 偷渡 惨死 case with the people
the situation of the british
the official figures of all countries and regions
at the invitation of any name
the dalai lama ,
they provided for .
his current
exchanges and cooperation between the north and the south of the korean peninsula peace , and achieve the reunification of the motherland on the first ,
the " opinions "
the development of the building of the armed forces , took part in and support of the western region
a long - term strategic task .
the whole party 's history ,
in this way the following experience
: a political party on whether or not
its program and its members .
the three months ,
more than 30
the explosion 江门
, china , kyrgyzstan , and tajikistan heads of state of
the three countries on the boundary between border point agreement .
small cities and towns
a product of economic and social development
the construction of small cities and towns
economic and social development .
president jiang zemin
卫国 war heroic the monument
中立 departments .
this is a barbaric act by the us - led nato 罪证 ,
before the people of the whole world
their essence of hegemonism .
, and the return of " one country , two systems "
the new things
that is , not followed a tortuous paths not pay tuition fees , "
impossible .
to strengthen the building of the spiritual civilization in the new situation ,
this important link in the community
in community activities ,
all the grass - roots organizations
the supervision of judges and procurators , set up internal restraint the effective mechanism for corruption .
premier zhu and his entourage
on the evening of arrived here after successfully concluding an official visit to italy , belgium , and the eu headquarters in here on an official visit .
the principal responsible persons of all localities and departments
, organize general inspection work
in charge of the leadership of the
in charge of the region and the examination results of industry
it is necessary to carry out severe punishment to the use of child labor , and
as a result of children casualties among enterprises
, units , and the number of individual ,
the historical theme of this stage ,
how from new democracy to socialism , and the building of what kind of the two issues of socialism .
these good experiences ,
the new realm , we open up the reform of the personnel system relating to cadres
a new breakthrough in
a solid foundation .
the attempt in the international community , the " falungong " in an attempt to 仰仗 the hostile forces in the west pressure on
a heavy blow .
the quality of bilateral economic and trade cooperation
gradually improved . the two countries
energy , microelectronic , communication , 商品流通 , and other fields
some large cooperation projects .
russia 只顾 the development of relations with the rok ,
russia - dprk relations
the deterioration of the russian economy ,
russia 's influence
the direct battlefield of the gulf war
iraq and kuwait region , however , the influence of the war
arab region as a whole , war suffered from all the people in the region .
russia attaches great importance to relations with china development high - level
the cooperation in all fields ,
economic and trade relations between the two countries
even greater development .
solely state - owned commercial banks 超额 the reserve funds for the rate of
8 percent , and other commercial banks
the reserve funds for 超额 rate
the ability to pay high .
七月一日 , hsieh chang - ting
the taiwan media
the foundation has not taiwan and the mainland are the same country is still territory
" and "
the xiamen and kaohsiung
belong to the same country relations . "
in other countries
推进器 the rocket ,
the research of peace in the universe .
china and india
the two largest developing countries in the world , we have not only share similar historical
the common task of development of the economy and improving the people 's living standards .
, kindhearted people
two years of efforts
, and difficulty - relief work
important progress ,
the work of state - owned enterprises and trades from difficulties
the large - scale this regard .
the development of cross - strait relations under the one - china principle ,
the urgent wish of the entire chinese people , including taiwan compatriots , and is also an irreversible historical trend .
the tremendous achievements made in the smuggling
the party central committee and the state council 's policy severely crack down on smuggling . the implementation of
: " the dominant ideology is but the dominant material relationships in the conceptual manifestation . "
the united states people to fight a war
modern high - tech war ,
powerful economic strength
not long ago , the united states , palestine and israel of the three parties on the final status of palestine the camp david talks did not reach an agreement ,
russia and the dprk , the two sides
the " dprk - russian treaty on friendly and good - neighborly cooperation , using
in 1995 , abolishing the sino - soviet - dprk treaty of friendship and cooperation , and mutual assistance .
in the 后半 , economic globalization
an unprecedented speed
economic exchanges of state - to - state and the dependence become more and more important .
their strategic analysis ,
the so - called "
offshore , "
the main island of taiwan
the dividing line of the taiwan strait ,
the mainland 's interior .
the issue of abolishing the guidelines and the national unification council . "
the performance on the eve of the united nations millennium summit , the un general assembly hall in new york .
the first time the united states . the mainland performance of small and medium - sized cities with the national level of china 's literature and art groups to 圣路易斯 , the indian 纳波利斯 , and other
in some localities , for the sake of small number of people 享乐 , at the start a war ,
the territory of other countries , plundering other people wealth
the people during 生灵涂炭 , and
the people
the sufferings of the endless .
the outstanding problems conscientiously of bringing out for investigation affect social stability and public order
a few days ago , taiwan , typhoon attack
personnel and property losses
dead and hit by the compatriots on
right and wrong to an ; the visit , is the hearts of
more than 20 hours
the barrier of the state council 於增发 of 50 billion yuan of long - term construction treasury bonds to increase investment in fixed assets and readjusting the central budget for 2000 .
the leading members should closely with the masses , improve work style , and in - depth teaching , the forefront of scientific research ,
教职工 practical problems , bringing into play an important role in the course of reform and development of schools .
comrade jiang zemin
the party committee secretaries , colleges and universities , president of the
the socialist politicians , 教育家 .
, all localities and relevant departments should conscientiously study and carry out the pattern of bringing out for investigation , mediating contradictions and disputes , and methods
sino - icelandic nongovernmental friendly contacts between the two countries , and in particular , exchanges and cooperation in the cultural field .
the two ordinary family
the happiness of their life , and a happy and peaceful ,
the government to provide social security ,
deep impression .
in other countries
this purpose .
foreign minister jovanovic visited cuba during august , he also signed bilateral protection and cuban ministers of foreign capital and economic cooperation and promote investment agreement , the business circles of the two sides will
bilateral trade exchanges
tried hard to expand its " international living space , " obstructing china 's national separatist elements 呐喊助威 , the pace of reunification , a vain attempt to
the state of splitting administration .
comrade jiang zemin
地动山摇 , "
the extreme importance of doing a good job of basic work at the grassroots level .
opening ceremony of the seminar on his speech
the chinese nation is a big family , the ancestors and cultural traditions of common
the dprk 's response
the normal operation of the united states
the proper criticism .
political rights for life ,
the defendant 刘西荣 fixed - term imprisonment 15 years ,
100,000 yuan .
the practice of reform and opening up
the tremendous changes in social
felt that in the course of economic development and the improvement of livelihood , has felt that socialism will give themselves NULL interests and benefits , 社会主义制度 superiority .
the cultivation of talented people , to the future and develop relations of our army
major and
the practice the important thinking of the " three represents " and
higher standards and requirements .
in the taiwan strait war broke out , the ocean shipping by the blockade and support the development of the economy foreign trade will certainly
many industrial production departments
, the overall economic
the tremendous impacts .
township and town enterprises to absorb employment capability
cities and towns re - employment pressure increased and other reasons , agricultural labor
the transfer of non - agricultural industries
the employment pressure in rural areas
this is the reason why some western missionaries with the imperialist aggression linked with the opium firms in view of the chinese people .
these important expositions , president jiang
ideological and political education in the new situation
in the correct direction .
guo dongpo , director of the office of the state council , wang mengkui , minister of foreign trade and economic cooperation shi guangsheng , the state council development research center , director of the meeting
although the NULL in the order of the east and west have one after another , however , the two occupied in russian foreign policy position almost the same important .
all units are required to popularize advanced experiences of units practice through this meeting , their respective realities , popularization ,
provincial military districts units , the building of grass - roots party branches
our country 's foreign trade
the shadow of the asian financial crisis , the track of new high - speed growth .
the national civil air defense major cities
the rate of air - raid siren coverage rate and 鸣响
telecommunications , civil air defense sirens the building of the military region has gradually embarked on a more networks of various means , supporting
several dozen on the goal of urban and rural people 's living standards in the " ninth five - year " plan ,
in particular , the principal responsible comrades of the party and government leading cadres ,
adhere to democratic centralism and carry out the highly of 批评与自我批评 to raise the political
delegates attending the
the erroneous china policy , and should not set new obstacles for the improvement of the china - vatican relations .
the developing countries open market ,
the goal of official development aid to meet 百分之零点七 percent of their gnp , effectively
the foreign debt problems of the developing countries .
this joint 一气 , can we have a tremendous strength ,
many local residents
the " falungong " exercises 行善
, an political struggle of some people at a tool for the organization of people .
this forum
there is no precedent a major event in the history of sino - african relations ,
to promote sino - african relations in the new century development
an important significance .
mao zedong , zhou enlai and deng xiaoping
the responsibility for the war
a small number of criminals of militarism
the japanese people , the japanese people
with the principle of " peaceful reunification and one country , two systems , " do not realize reunification , it is necessary to change the existing system and the people of taiwan 's way of life .
these countries expressed the hope that china will be able to proceeding from safeguarding overall situation of bilateral friendly and cooperative relations with china ,
sensitivity of the seriousness and harmfulness of lee teng - hui visit ,
the " one china " commitment .
the situation on the korean peninsula and its neighboring areas since the beginning of last year
the factor of adjustment of the relations between china and the relevant countries
the new exhibition hall
建筑面积 200,000 square meters , 二零零三年 首期 project
high - tech war ,
confrontation no longer be a combat system and a number of weapons and equipment ,
the system and the system , the system and the system of confrontation .
china 's historical period , duplicate construction , industrial structure 不合理 , and other issues are in the large - scale adjustment of the industrial structure ,
a number of mines exhausted of resources ,
the issue of laid - off workers
without a stable political and social environment , all
no matter how good plan and program will .
at present , an eye on the future , clear the way to forge ahead ,
the specific guidance ,
the large - scale development .
continue to strengthen and develop the dprk and friendship between the people of the two countries , and the fundamental interests of
the asian and world peace and security in the
an important significance .
the current production and sales of counterfeit and inferior commodities law - breaking and criminal activities and rampant , and the deployment of
the crackdown on fake joint actions .
the changes in china 's
their great interest ,
he
china 's economic development
an important contributions to the development of the world economy .
the problems can we may encounter , judicial practice
the judicial system with chinese characteristics can
many changes , 但中芬 relations have always maintain the smooth and stable development .
an important role in strait exchange activities cross - strait women in order to promote cross - strait economic and cultural cooperation and mutual understanding and consensus between the people on both sides .
a congratulatory message to the meeting
the current meeting
government departments and the united nations development program of great significance in promoting the development of china 's modern leaps and bounds and e - commerce cooperation .
lien chan 's fact , chen shui - bian proposed the 1992 consensus
" i his subordinates
i
NULL matter .
sino - mongolian parliamentary exchanges and cooperation between the two countries
positively of
even more fruitful exchanges between the
the development of bilateral relations
encourage and guide : " the state of returned overseas chinese and overseas chinese dependants
high - tech enterprises , the people 's governments at all levels
, the legitimate rights and interests of the
economic complementarity , china and russia strong , and the potential is tremendous ,
the material foundation for economic and trade cooperation partnership of strategic cooperation .
such a " 临门 , "
they have also 抱希望 - bian the result of
the overall development of the world
various countries to strengthen mutual dialogue and contact ,
mutual understanding
many , the less satisfactory
li ruihuan 's incisive exposition . his speech , relevant unity , stability , and development and prosperity of the "
the so - called diversification is only a pretext
gu jinchi , vice chairman of the npc internal and judicial affairs committee , deputies expressed the hope that the
the actual situation , and further implement well the organic law of villagers committees of the local law enforcement .
global of the cold war
the disintegration of the soviet union and drastic changes in eastern europe
, the cold war pattern of asia
chairman li peng 's sincere regards and good wishes to 布马扎 ,
president jiang zemin 's cordial regards and good wishes to algerian president bouteflika .
in the first three quarters of
retired wages , and urban support lines standards
the relevant housing reform .
oil production country , and china is willing to make explorations in oil fields with scientific the establishment of a long - term friendly relations of cooperation , further expand bilateral cooperation in the fields of trade , oil , and broaden the new ways of cooperation .
suffered to see the region
in addition to reinforce the work of dangerous water project destroyed , 整修 淹 farmland , and do a good job of reinforcing reservoirs disease .
they will not achieved its allies , in favor of
second , the relations of economic relations between china and the united states and other
this extent ,
also detrimental to the united states .
, deputy prime minister aziz
the iraq issue
an important role .
the verbal expression of the sef plan
the letter
the contents of the consensus of the two sides each other .
the level of understanding of the law over economic work , under the conditions of developing the socialist market economy and opening wider to the outside world , and constantly enhance leadership of economic work and the ability to control the overall economy .
the professional contingent of business operators ,
an inherent driving force for
the conscious action of safeguarding the interests of the company of capital and realize their own various contract responsibility .
at present , what should be done ? 身后 留什 in the future ? , "
to learn from the more the embodiment of the
the work of rectification and reform .
the actual difficulties in production and operations , and do a good job of a
a household 干不了 , 干不好 ,
peasants to develop the economy
china and armenia the two countries
good relations of cooperation .
the federal 亚特兰大 the 11 th circuit court of appeal
the appeal of the republican party has proposed that should not recognize the manual vote count in florida .
today , the chinese people
the rights and freedoms of the chinese authors , enjoy all kinds of legal guarantee ,
the remarks made by freedom and freedom of creative works .
a profound lessons of the asian financial crisis , bring people
the small bank of china ,
the reversion of macao
first , the central government th anniversary of the
during the 10 th five - year china will launch more than 30 satellites , including communication satellites , navigation satellites , to
satellites , resource remote sensing satellites and space exploration satellites , and other 15 .
7个 months later ,
the korean battlefield , and the number of
i 120 flight time ,
the us air force of the i 50 , claims to be the first in the world
the amazing results .
to president bush eventually will take any specific policies ,
every session of the new administration as soon as he took office will
the foreign policy of the united states
the examination .
li yuanzhe made a special article , 九月二日 the inter - party group in the first meeting of the proposal put forward by return to the 1992 consensus
he suggested
state council vice premier wu bangguo
instructions to the coal mine safety supervision work conference
zhejiang 's wenling city gangsters headed by zhang wei ,
former mayor of wenling city
六十七 the cpc officials , including former director of the public security department of wenling city 杨卫中 "
in the association for promoting the chinese people and the asian people will on an equal footing , and thousands of his election campaign , as well as the
the awareness of the participation of the " falungong " is to improve the chinese people
hegemonism and power politics still exist and the foundation for the development of a new , especially in the country 's peaceful reunification have been hit by serious threat to
the ability to apply military means to defend their sovereignty and security .
, and tangible results in consolidated and improved , and extend , radiation from top to bottom , make efforts in 求新 , truth - seeking , and the upper and lower efforts .
cross - strait war principle is :
the cpc will not use force , the two sides
the rally 100 staff members and workers
the chaotic management
' ' good
along with the growth of population the rapid development of economic and social
the shortage of water , and grain , oil , and other strategic resources will
in the future sustainable development
serious threat .
the western region 's superior industries and export NULL projects
foreign advanced technology and equipment
, the state
foreign commercial loans targets and arrangements
relevant central departments , colleges in the eastern region , and scientific research institutions
the intelligence service and personnel support .
disaster - stricken 二千余万 billion yuan , the taiwan compatriots ' donations ,
深情厚谊 the close blood between fujian and taiwan people .
a strong ,
the development in the next century
an economic power and
a military power .
along with the implementation of these ecological construction project ,
the goal of the " 再造 a beautiful of the western region "
china 's color television sets market has
a buyer 's market , and the color television sets 年产 capability
40 million taiwan
坚苦卓绝 long - term struggle
the chinese communists
marxism with the reality of the chinese revolution and construction
mao zedong thought , and deng xiaoping theory .
relevant procedures ,
from his post as 阳信 刘成文 , secretary of the county party committee , county magistrate 王力 王天河 , director of the county public security bureau ,
replaced by 分房 money ,
to lift restrictions in 外销 the housing problem ,
investment business opportunities for foreign - funded enterprises ,
ideological and political construction
training troops through science and technology
, logistics reform
the weapons and equipment
the overall combat effectiveness , the people 's army is a cross - century development on the journey of the triumphant advance of china .
it is necessary to continue to improve and strengthen the treasury bonds the management of projects
duplicate construction , and blind the building of
waste action ,
the quality of the projects ,
the desired results .
it was parties 推测 candidates for the minister of national defense , and there is no
rumsfeld
the disintegration of the soviet union
the international political
a new pattern of more than strong .
the kmt 's high - level personages
the taiwan authorities
the chinese people , and also 谈什麽 " mini three links , "
relatively outstanding achievements made by the chinese diplomacy last year
four aspects :
relations between china and various major powers
the " three links
the internal affairs of a country ,
the principle of one china , direct two - way links , and mutual benefit
to say that the overwhelming majority of weapons
the sanctions ,
whoever 爬 a higher plane , 梯子 in the anti - china
no one will be more NULL fall .
put into operation of nuclear power station
two , and building nuclear power station
four , during the 10 th five - year period will be some new nuclear power projects
the people of china and india
cooperation in various fields , so as to make their due contributions to the development of their respective , as well as the world 's peace between the two countries .
the voice of the ' arafat
within the " 法塔赫 " organization and kazakhstan 马斯 , and other extremist organization , and even arafat their leadership of the
some people to the united states koreshige compromise
the mass work of building civilized city
in depth , and provide a powerful ideological guarantee for capital of reform and opening up , and modernization , and spiritual motive force and intellectual support .
the clinton administration
the chairman of the joint chiefs of staff
the us involvement in bosnia - herzegovina , conflicts
the us troops stationed overseas front is too long and latin america .
" one of the united states , non - issue , "
in the past one china ,
at present , the one - china .
the central leading comrades of the
representatives of the east hall of the great hall of the people , and attending the meeting were
warm applause .
it is necessary to exist in view of the agricultural scientific and technological fields of outstanding problems , and to
the system of agricultural science and technology
the new type of agricultural science and technology innovation system .
china and cyprus established diplomatic relations
in the concern of the leaders of the two countries and the cultivation and
the joint efforts of both sides ,
the cypriot friendly and cooperative relations
the new development .
most as a state of china , small space is weak , in order to 扼制 power control of space utilization of space ,
antisatellite weapons , and other weapons in space warfare .
the " special combat soldiers
the anti - reconnaissance stealth clothing
i battlefield television reconnaissance system
two years of hard work ,
some of the state economic
the impact of financial crisis
some members of the wto
efforts to push forward the process of negotiations , the chinese delegation made important
the highly value .
third ,
the application of an interview with documents
i and relevant departments
this reporter has proven that lie news organizations NULL , the reporters and gather news program .
the united states in many insightful people in
the taiwan issue , in particular , 售 taiwan issue of weapons , so as not to affect the overall situation of sino - us relations .
talks on cross - strait deadlock confrontation between the situation
the cross - strait , general secretary jiang zemin 八时 and chen shui - bian 's unification and integration theory ,
the favorable opportunity for cross - strait to link up resume talks .
in education , bush
a " 转学 券 plan , "
私立学校 .
this case
more than 10 people , 42 party and government cadres , and judicial organs and cadres 15 cadres , and financial institutions be out of wenling city , the standing committee of the former mayor 周建国 , former city party committee , minister of public security bureau 杨卫中 a number of major leading cadres .
more than in the past , the organization , a year
the nature of qigong organization ,
its original
the international forces 猖狂
the true features of subversive , anti - china activities .
the social security system is a " safety net , " all countries in the world of social stability
" the most important task . "
the government of every country foreign institutions in hong kong and officials of his visit to hong kong ,
the relevant regulations , and will not engage in in hong kong are not in accord with the capacity of activities
the spokesman
some people 心怀 sinister motives ,
the relations between the united states and the dprk
all of the xinjiang military
the foundation for the study
" opposing superstition advocating science " and atheism special - topic education .
this article entitled " adhere to the one - china principle to promote the cross - strait direct " three links "
the so - called " mini three links , "
direct contacts between kinmen , matsu and fujian 's coastal areas .
the general a normal person
li hongzhi the so - called " however , on a higher level " and " seek fulfillment " is the meaning of " falungong 's " falungong " followers
心领神会 addicts ,
the two - city forum 's agenda and exchanges projects
the other , NULL culture , education and other fields .
the report also quoted us intelligence official said , the united states federal bureau of investigation
more than 3,000 a list of these are enterprises in the united states and the government have contacts with the chinese communists .
overseas chinese , and have established organizations opposing " independence " and promoting reunification ,
china 's reunification
apec senior officials
regular meeting attended by all members of the high - level officials ,
four .
the existence of vertical and continuously the power industry
the original organization of the industrial structure
the conditions of the main body of the market and fair competition .
for many years , the chinese people
the cambodian people to defend national sovereignty and territorial integrity ,
national reconciliation and economic construction
the tremendous efforts ,
the selfless assistance .
in a certain scientific research units , some experts as the leadership of the
the opinions of his academic
the opinions of absolutely correct .
the spokesman
established diplomatic relations with the prc the signing of diplomatic relations between the communique
this kind of duty . therefore , these countries should fulfill their promise of diplomatic relations between the communique .
ningxia rely on the grass - roots party organizations , clearly NULL key points ,
the way to initiate the concentrated education in the legal system running the study courses
the " falungong " addicts
and meticulous ideological and political education .
the initial 法医 the spot inspection , " the corpse in the east in the west , with combined blows
仰卧 shape , 爆燃 burn not deep and death
this year , the cross - strait relations , quite
from various political parties in taiwan can lead to the initiative to the drastic changes in the factors .
in this way , 17 evaluation delegation members of the
the work of beijing 's olympic bid
unity , education and redemption the great majority of " falungong " practitioners ,
the common responsibility of the entire society .
this struggle
the hubei provincial xiangfan city public security organs and decisive strikes ,
the criminal syndicate led by 余林
the nature of the criminal organization ,
members of the criminal 34
, and promoting the building of grass - roots political power in accordance with the requirements of the development of the socialist market economy , the functions of
town and township organs and personnel and promote the villagers ' self - government ,
management system in the rural areas ,
the superstructure in rural areas in a better way
changes in the economic base .
the energy structure of energy , beijing
clean energy ,
such as natural gas , wind , solar energy .
the strategy of the united states and russia requirements , british negotiations ,
their plight in a dilemma
a greater room for .
the report 16 th congress next year , he was relieved of general secretary
the state president ,
the chairman of the central military commission ,
the lanzhou military region
in the past , family , and a military cadres
the paper 箱子 equipment , and clothes
a 大衣柜
is the last word , the development of the times , the main theme of development
the key to all issues in china .
the history of more than 200 years in the united states
1.8万 people
among them , only 38 percent of white people .
the united states a brzezinski , well -
the newspapers and periodicals , he 每周 have read china
the chinese media hostility toward the united states
chen jinhua , vice chairman of the npc standing committee buhe , vice chairman of the cppcc national committee , and 农工 democratic party central committee yao jun , vice chairman of the
the welcoming ceremony .
all , the cppcc national committee in units and the broad masses of member of the
the central authorities ' major policy decisions on handling and resolving the " falungong " issue .
朱文 - member proposed that we should create a more favorable policies and market environment ,
the non - public - owned
the healthy economic development .
the relationship between make great efforts to strengthen the building of socialist spiritual civilization and the building of democracy and the legal system , and the relationship between reform , development and stability ,
the development of various social undertakings and
social stability .
another 可敬 , tang dongcheng
, there are more 尽责 潜心 research and scientific law .
an economist 冲浪 are on the net
: " china 's economy really be able to the realization of 7 percent growth ? "
in recent years , china 's agriculture and rural construction of infrastructure
remarkable achievements
industrial optimization of the industrial structure of agriculture and increase peasants ' incomes
, 田北俊 , 胡定旭 , 庄 his
, 赵海宽 , member of the 蔡继明 , and 骆少君 ,
the financial system , urban sewage discharge life , and the development of high
, the ministry of finance minister xiang huaicheng
a report on the execution of the central and local budgets for 2000 and 2001 draft central and local budgets .
the 10 th five - year plan
the " outline
the continuation of china 's " three - step " development strategy and details .
the army 's modernization
comrade jiang zemin 's important thinking of " three represents "
高中级 the building of the contingent of cadres .
the painstaking efforts of the people of the shanghai , shanghai has attained historic changes in the adjustment of economic structure , and the readjustment of the pattern of the productive forces ,
the basic framework of a socialist market economy .
since the implementation of the policy of reform and opening up , china has undergone enormous changes ,
terms of economic , political , cultural , and diplomatic
the tremendous achievements .
the support of the central government
the macao sar government
the criminal forces , effectively safeguarded social stability .
it is necessary to give full play to the human , material , and financial resources the greatest benefit
a new - type qualified military personnel
the personnel solid material foundation .
the key position of the party committees and government should put scientific and technological progress and innovation in economic and social development ,
the practical problems in the course of development .
in new projects
good environmental protection
some on 治污 reduce pollution , the output increase technical transformation projects
review and discussions
the urbanization strategy ,
china 's major choice realization of urbanization in the new century .
in the process of the revision of the marriage law , and extensively listen to the opinions of all quarters , in a variety of forms and pay close attention to giving play to the women 's federation organizations role of npc standing committee ,
good results .
, executive vice chairman of the 李蒙 , vice chairman of the
during his lifetime deng xiaoping also
we all the reform
, or depends on the
the political system .
the new 鸿基 地产 development company limited in hong kong 郭炳湘 member of the president and concurrently president of the
: china is now become the largest industrial goods production bases , one of the
the scale of the consumer market .
the total amount of the military spending of the whole , the chinese government , compared with the united states and other western countries should be much fewer ,
the military spending of the company , india , and other countries should also
dialogue , and the dprk
one step will
the united states consultation ,
the progress of rok - dprk relations
the interests of the two countries in south korea and the united states .
percent of the people
the 45 percent of the social wealth
however , high - income of those who
" the main supplier of " paying personal income tax .
unity , equality , and mutual assistance of a new type of socialist ethnic relations
the consolidation and development .
the high hopes on 惟有 迎头 , we can we do not disappoint the central committee and the people throughout the country .
the rights of wto members of the
, china 's commodity trade and service trades investors
more favorable treatment
, has gradually abolished some countries for china 's discriminatory policies and measures ,
the international market .
continue to develop external contracts and labor cooperation ,
enterprises with competitive edge
the export processing trade abroad , and leading products and services and technology .
the ministry of preparatory work after receiving the order , in the provisions of time rapidly completed a missile of war preparedness ,
the pier a certain military port ,
however ,
any
the starting point and foothold of all our work
the fundamental interests of the broadest masses of people .
during the " ninth five - year " period , liaoning
1.5 billion trees have been planted the 10 th five - year plan period , will also tree planting trees have been planted 28亿 ,
he revealed that ,
china will not have the joint venture telecommunications corporation pilot .
李吕 two people ,
china , 贬低
china , 诅咒 china ,
the japanese aggressors
thank feelings .
the policy toward iraq
a relatively pragmatic attitude , and gradually improve and iran relations .
the process of economic development and participate in the development of friendly cooperation in all fields , the chinese side welcomed chinese enterprises to take part in the djibouti of mineral resources and natural resources , djibouti .
the social security system independent from enterprises and institutions , sources of diversification , the system of guaranteeing the standardized management service socialized .
high - standard receptions to the
the chain effect . . . "
article 35 . a military scientific research units , and the contents of the examination academies and schools shall implement a military scientific research personnel 's term of office examination system .
ideological and political research achievements , and the level of business and innovation capability , and so on .
such a situation
the best choice of the united states
the china policy ,
arms sales to taiwan ,
in particular , cannot
the " divine NULL " system of offensive .
according to the " one china , direct two - way links , and mutual benefit " principle
the most absurd
the us military plane as the us territory , the us side will intruded into china 's territorial airspace and landed at china sea water 南陵 at the airport ,
a series of demand .
the us plane
the relevant stipulations of the " un convention ,
the relevant consensus and the united states last may on avoiding dangerous military actions at sea reached .
just as president jiang zemin pointed out :
the responsibility for this incident
the us side , the us side
the chinese people
fifth , it is necessary to protect the people and students patriotic enthusiasm , but urged everyone to adhere to the post , and should not 上街 demonstrations ,
the issue of sino - us relations .
the friendship of the chinese government and people of goodwill and restraint
the fair assessment of the international community , including the people of the united states will be made .
in 1997 , the development of the " kyoto protocol ,
mankind in trying to control their own actions through so as to reduce the impact on climate change has reached an important international documents .
the japanese government approved by the japanese right - wing scholars committee version of the history textbook for 2002 ,
some distorted historical facts
all countries ,
both the south and the north ,
regardless of the country , and small countries ,
beneficiaries of globalization .
in his election campaign , to taking office , bush 's foreign policy
various signs have
the dangerous signs of an
the consideration of developed countries , and take care of the interests of the developing countries
a heavy debt , and fragile financial and technological backwardness , and other issues .
president jiang zemin and his wife wang yeping
the argentine president fernando de la rua and the argentine government officials greeted the ramp .
the sensitive nerve the historical issue has always been the countries in the world by the japanese it brought barbaric aggression , however , for several years ago , the total number of people in japan
the sustained constantly
the steady development of sino - brazilian strategic partnership
china and brazil
the two largest developing countries .
the industrial economy of the united states
the main killer environment in the world , the
the categories of the criminal
, and harm the degree of
the " strike - hard "
the most important link in safeguarding social stability and security .
the principle of the " strike hard "
, arrest , prosecution , judicial , and supervision and management and transformation , and other crack down on crimes in various links ,
the " strike hard " the powerful joint force .
the spirit of the two sides have played a consultation and cooperation , he
a " win - win " result of acceptable to both sides .
in other words , taiwan 's " 大脑 may very first piece of the aegis warships , " god 盾 warfare department ,
" body , "
the hull of taiwan .
help taiwan independence , it is a most sensitive " the us relations in the " nerve ,
震怒 is true , the chinese communists .
china 's economic and social undertakings
the tasks of great development , however , the development of
its objectives .
the result of treasury bonds to increase the state investment projects
a certain relations .
the convention and " elimination of all forms of racial discrimination in the international covenant " and the " international covenant on civil and political rights , the united states
more than 40 years , the 28 years and 15 years .
these three cases
: sichuan 冉兴力 and other people
and , henan , 常建立 , and other people
, and homicide , and guangdong 邓星众 and other people
, 盗窃案 .
, of which had fled overseas , some state - owned assets , a large number of loss ,
some state - owned enterprises
following the harms society ,
莫金英 and the others illegally sold guns and
zhang jun criminal gangs
robbery , homicide , NULL
more than casualties and huge amount of public and private property losses , such as the serious consequences .
when the " 被害人 张劲 , women , 29 - year - old "
chongqing , the most severe punishment , NULL - year - old
the pilot of the military reconnaissance plane at this time , a country 戴著 " a very merry christmas NULL "
the roar of the airspace of a sovereign country , " a very merry christmas gift " is a threat and provocation .
the healthy and stable sino - japanese relations
the fundamental interests of the people of the two countries and the future generations
peace and development in the region and the world .
china and the eu countries
the relationship between good and
this kind of friendly relations
the continuous called the " falungong "
they operate mailbox
, the 长篇 文传 ,
other important letters and 文传 .
through this incident , people have noticed that the bush administration 's china policy
the third proposal
the new leader of the taiwan authorities
the one - china principle ,
tang jiaxuan and his party
on 27 june after the end of the formal visit to ukraine arrived in moscow to attend the foreign ministers of the " shanghai five " meeting and formal visit to russia .
leading cadres at all levels , judicial personnel and administrative law enforcement personnel of young people , and education in the legal system of enterprise management personnel .
at present , the global economy of interdependence of the times
the developing countries and economic transformation of the country 's economic
the impact of national industry , in particular , major economic power economic growth to slow down .
the taiwan compatriots
the taiwan authorities
the 1992 consensus ,
the arats - sef consultations ,
cross - strait relations .
i am a their son , and can read the university 's republic of china , minister of
, 扪心自问 work
问心无愧 .
侯小虎 and the others conditions for use in customs work , perform this , their business - harvesting ,
the smuggling criminal activities as a whole
a very disgraceful role .
a new framework ,
to deal with the missile defense system in the world today to all kinds of different threat . "
we people from the religious circles
freedom of religious belief , 妄加 comments on the united states has the right to freedom of religious belief for china .
the internal meeting forming a three - point consensus
us president bush since taking office ,
this plan ,
the " anti - ballistic missile treaty " in the security of the cornerstone of the world ,
the new round of the arms race .
the public occasions
, cooperation , and diplomatic ties of good - neighborly and mutual benefit .
here , president jiang zemin 1997年7月1日
: the chinese government
the sovereignty , the prc the hong kong sar government
in order to avoid 大进大出 of funds , causing impact of the asian financial market , the asian countries
the bond market of asia 's reunification .
the chinese side and all sides
exchange and contact
the multilateral talks in geneva
these problems .
the us citizens of chinese descent
in 1933 the founding of the new york federation of overseas chinese 衣馆
yunnan province 高院 this case
the final ,
yuebin to death ,
political rights for life ,
500,000 yuan , 罚金 10,000 yuan .
the midst of pakistan economic rejuvenation plan , the chinese government
china 's enterprises
, and make efforts to pakistan economic development .
from a long - term the rise of view , india is only a time , i would like to become " a unipolar world " india
numerous interests of the
conflicts or 未知数 .
indian prime minister vajpayee
a letter to bush 's trust
the specific , the date of
after going through many years under control , and the track of twists and turns , the indian - us relations will eventually 攴 NULL ツ page , after into the improvement and cooperation .
in order to fully guarantee for 僧尼 and the masses of religious believers the freedom of belief , and the central and tibet local governments in the past 10 years , a total of more than 300 million yuan , for the monasteries and religious activity venues for maintenance .
solve the problem of the haihe river valley water , and in particular , the issue of beijing , tianjin , and other big cities of water . the overall situation of relations of the
great significance .
after the crisis in the taiwan strait contradiction in cross - strait relations ,
" who represents " and " how to reunification , "
the increasingly intense struggle of opposing independence and promoting reunification .
in march this year ,
the taiwan authorities
" taiwan independence " elements 纠合
together ,
丑剧 of " taiwan independence . "
the history of both sides , cultural traditions ,
different national conditions , and also exist differences ,
we share similar views , and common interests in many major international issues .
after the end of the cold war , dialogue , instead of confrontation , and cooperation
the common aspiration of the people of all countries in the world .
the reason is quite simple ,
not be able to not only the one - china principle as the foundation of cross - strait relations and cross - strait contacts and talks , but also cross - strait peaceful reunification
cannot .
li peng over the past 10 years , relations between the two countries have made progress in a positive assessment of diplomatic relations ,
brunei sultan and the royal family members have made important contributions for promoting relations between the two countries .
the specific - 有旧 structure is concerned ,
the crash of the " completely two systems , "
or have implemented the policy of reform and
a small number of hostile forces ' interference .
some contradictions , difficulties and problems in the process of the current the course of reform .
the current international situation , the basic characteristics
a number of new trends , new changes have appeared .
the key and difficult problems , the main leadership of the
relevant local departments
, and jointly study and solution
all the resettlement policy
these measures forcefully
china 's determination to adhere to the policy of reform and opening
china 's positive position toward multilateral economic cooperation
the progress of apec trade and investment liberalization
a constructive role .
another topic of apec trade ministers
how to promote the implementation of the three action plan , that is , all the members of the program of action , collective action plan , and economic and technological cooperation plan .
, the strength of the
醯 strong ,
the employment opportunities ,
the work of the government .
the total " army " to taiwan
this exercise will be launched , exercise in the valley 关丽阳 areas of taiwan in the central leading roles of
the special combat brigade 第862 taiwan armed forces have only airborne special combat capability .
the relevant departments of the japanese government
provided the rok ,
from 禽 category of imported products to china .
, and disseminating cult propaganda materials ,
the evil cult , undermine the laws , administrative laws and regulations the implementation of the
" explanation 2 "
how to the provisions ?
the above - mentioned two agreements
" alma - ata statement , " and the " dushanbe statement " bishkek statement .
since the beginning of reform and opening up , our country 's economic system and the mode of economic operation , social organizational forms , and the production and life of the masses
profound changes .
, and explore how to build socialism in china , "
deng . "
the six heads of
chinese and foreign reporters ,
president jiang zemin hosted a luncheon held for attending the meeting of the heads of state and his delegation .
with the norms of mutual relations between the member states of the " shanghai spirit " of the " shanghai cooperation organization " will
a beautiful prospects for development .
it is necessary to carry out the foreign exchange of letters of credit payment through the
the business and inspection ,
the background of credit without genuine trade
the financing and foreign exchange activities
the relevant parties concerned
the " incubator " of the domestic
the goals of facilities set up by the government , due to the government limited resources , the scope of its services have been greatly restrictions , many enterprises are very promising loss of development and expansion .
NULL officers on active service or left the army 退役 generals
our side should
medium - range missiles this kind of strategic
the ministry of strategic studies of military sciences research fellow 罗源
history and facts
, the outcome of a war
the two new weapons decision .
i
chancellor gerhard schroeder ,
mueller , minister of economic
entrepreneurs , the visit has yielded fruitful results .
these problems
the national narcotics control commission and director of the
which demonstrations and welcome the people are separated by a mountain , a mountain , lee teng - hui up
protests of the masses .
this visit
the advanced experiences of the chinese armed forces ,
the development of relations between the two countries and the two armed forces in the new century .
the 80 th anniversary of the founding of the communist party of china
china 's great importance to the important role of the us congress ,
the united states member of the
positive role .
the past few days , the navy is the sea training "
qingdao " missile destroyers
争先 创优 enthusiasm .
the plane collision incident
china 's position 於或
" enemy
the international interests of the united states
tremendous damage .
the propaganda department of the organization department of the regional party committee , and responsible comrades of the united front work department of the
the study of the regional party committee theory study central group .
the central government attaches great importance to , and the party committees support , and the masses warm
, and economic conditions
天时 , and human conditions , the people and the situation
a cordial and friendly conversation
jiang zemin welcomed zanoun
at the request of the arab inter - parliamentary union to
the situation in the middle east .
the association of foreign investment enterprises
its role as a bridge between the government and enterprises
the opinions of investment in china entrepreneurs
to obtain , through the implementation of this principle , the japanese military technology , NULL development ,
some technical aspect of
it is necessary to encourage retired demobilized officers and men , and to work in poverty - stricken areas , as the poverty - stricken areas contributions to the wisdom and strength of economic and social development .
on the evening of 9 yang hyong - sop , vice chairman of the dprk supreme people session of the standing committee of the held in pyongyang at taiwan 议事堂 the banquet ,
china friendship delegation headed by vice chairman jiang chunyun .
beijing 's bid to host
chinese ambassador to russia wu tao , 张茅 and a good . the beijing municipal government leading 杜德印
at the same time pursued through superordinate supervision , NULL 蚕茧
the purchasing price and directly under the central 热电厂 供热
provincial level departments in charge of pricing
many enthusiastic in the development of cross - strait relations between the arats and the taiwan
the rights and interests of compatriots on both sides
some practical things parties , organizations , and people from all walks of
in this regard .
the " peaceful reunification and one country , two systems "
during his lifetime mr. deng xiaoping ,
the basic principle for resolving the taiwan issue .
there is no alternative 非得
another model of consultations , the various 戴著 " belarus 手套 " nongovernmental organizations , and this is the mainland contacts with taiwan .
the chief executive , a city under the " one country , two systems "
this high - profile reception ?
officials of the eu countries
the birth of the " kyoto protocol " japan
the negative attitude of the agreement
the war of aggression launched in the history of japanese militarism ,
the national feeling of the people of asia .
the well - known economist wu jinglian
the chinese government implementation of the proactive fiscal policy and stimulate the supply - side policy
remarkable achievements
china 's economic growth
this year , the cotton sown area of
" 打白条 " and " the peasants to sell cotton " issue .
following the NULL cases , above all case " protective umbrella "
legal sanctions .
the balance of short - term loans
2482亿 billion yuan ,
360亿 billion yuan .
in recent years , the research institute of the
a large number of scientific and technological innovations , and provide a powerful technical support for the building of our army 's combat effectiveness of new - type missile weapons .
the united nations
翻新 , and it is learned that the government 's internal
as an observer " i way to take part in the united nations .
the stimulating role of economic growth
the contradictions and problems
a high degree of attention .
the above targets ,
the chinese mainland 's taiwan relations with the united states 亲近 role as a " bargaining chip , " and 显现 seek hegemony in asia and the world at large .
on the contrary , high - level officials , including president chen shui - bian
in view of the united states
the words and deeds of humiliation and are sunk .
in the near future and technological progress
, the troops structural adjustment
the majority of combat force structure and their battle and support service support the improvement of
combat effectiveness .
responsible persons of the party , government , and political commissar of the chengdu military region
sino - uruguayan relations and international and regional issues of common concern
an important consensus .
war in the taiwan strait
the us government
a tragic conclusion of the war . "
the people of taiwan
the mainland compatriots exchanges , these important opportunity for further improve the cross - strait relations ,
increase of rectifying and crackdown at the same time ,
the policy of curing the
relevant laws and regulations , and law enforcement mechanism
, and gradually standardized market behavior ,
good order of the market economy .
the mid ' 80 s , the japanese emperor the 20 th century to 1997
the stage of accounting computerization
the speed of accounting ,
economic the united states , japan , and the impact in the taiwan region , the rok , and 东南亚地区 stock market
, the currency exchange rate
, economic
the danger of retrogression , or even a financial turmoil and
china 's wto accession and the development of china 's economic
the asean regional
useful , " because it represents a greater investment and trade market . "
a few days ago jiangsu 's coastal defense work conference was held
a few days ago , the province integrated the security of the coastal defense
the embodiment of the party and the state political advantages an important force
the new situation and tasks ,
conscientiously studying in the new historical conditions , and consciously practicing the " three represents " important thinking of the
the fundamental requirement for the communist party members at the age of the forefront , maintain the advanced nature .
on 1 october 1999 , the national day the 50 th anniversary of the large - scale military parade and the chinese army , navy , and air force , the second guns NULL bombs
some policy - related
the problem of strong ,
the spirit of the central authorities
the card of his
the bullish superpower .
the absolute leadership of the leadership of the party and opposition to deny the party over the armed forces in the name of the state . next year . the reunification of the world : what : china 's military spending will increase by a big margin it ?
during the war years , uphold the party 's absolute leadership over the armed forces , frequently , a large number of
南征北战 to fulfill the tasks of the party 's 武装斗争 , 浴血 struggle
during the un general assembly in the autumn , and the united states has high - level meeting , powell
foreign minister tang jiaxuan
serious threat to the us economy is still facing a recession ,
the european economy
the japanese economy
we should pay close attention to the establishment of cadres recommendation , inspection , and decided to discuss the responsibility system ,
all of the " regulations
the employment of unhealthy tendencies and corrupt
class - a war criminals ,
阵亡 the far east international military tribunal for the verdict of the most heinous crimes during those war , and they are punishable by 绞刑 , or 自决 the author , absolutely cannot be treated in general .
, and adhere to marxism 's
it style and characteristics of the chinese nation
the chinese nation 's outstanding results of civilization and the practical experience of our party .
, 梗 development of the global economy counterparts in
in order . 2 . 贾义 and the development of socialism , and has provided a historic opportunity .
reporter : the revision of the " regulations
the aspect of improving and perfecting the legal responsibility , and increase the intensity of punishment on illegal acts
what new rules ?
the agreement reached by the united states and russia both sides
the universal concern of the international media . however , the practical significance to the agreement , the parties concerned , however , there are different explanations .
the actual 工作量
in this part of
. " percent , mankind gene implementing the group leader of the
research fellow of the chinese 联系人 杨焕明
" 出征 military personnel "
this " 壮行 , " 死后
here , has become a so - called " god of protecting the nation . "
公明党 god 崎 武法 represents
" it is paying homage to the regret prime minister ,
in august 15 strong objections since the day the war was finally , but to escape the neighboring countries .
during world war ii ,
the japanese militarists NULL
大半个 asia ,
the japanese militarists and blood debt owed numerous
the broad masses of the people
grave disasters .
the new democratic 锩 蜕 of the socialist revolution 甯 on the islets NULL the history of development stage of
the leading class ,
the vast number of peasants
the allies should be the most reliable of the working class .
the police substation of the shanghai 虹桥 road
the further development of the situation .
an informed sources , member of the local
supplement the issue of the beidaihe meeting decided , member of the political bureau of the
the elder bush
the younger bush would not
withdraw from the balkans ,
the middle east affairs
's relations with the dprk
the security dialogue . the two sides
the guidance of the "
commercial banks , commercial banks the supervision and management of offshore organizations , and the information exchanges and cooperation with foreign supervisory departments of
the regulations and clear requirements .
the vast sea is not see the border areas and tremendous 浪涛 寂静 in the sound of 划破 night ,
over the
the us decision - makers
the challenges of the asia - pacific region
for the security of the asia - pacific region
again for the deliberation of the draft law
the draft of the : prevent the draft revision of the draft desertification law of the criminal law 第三百四十二 第四百一十 the draft law for the prevention and treatment of occupational diseases use of the law on management of maritime space .
those in the past , due to domestic protection , to the cause of the ⒍系 was to stop the beginning of the domestic product ,
the restrictions .
in the period of economic growth
渐变 过渡性 , it is not a stable and standardized and the mode of economic growth .
, policies , and further stimulate domestic demand in the second half
the hinterland market , as 还魂 丹 , such a trend of recovery of taiwan 's economy will not have any change this is because chen shui - bian 's policy .
the un general assembly words and deeds
i
沉默 ,
britain , france , and other countries in the attitude of the united nations to the case .
the investment of foreign venture capital companies in china ,
the traditional company investment ,
risk investment funds
certain adjustment , some become a pragmatic . some
