the face of the strategic readjustment of the structure of agriculture and the rural economy , it is necessary to change the existing ideological concepts as soon as possible , the quality of leadership methods , and cadres and the masses , and structural adjustments does not meet the situation to a change in working methodology from the way of thinking .
丁佩玲 put forward by the deputies to improving school education and reducing the burden on students three - point proposal : effectively change their concepts , and foster a correct education ; strengthen research on education , reform the teaching ; strengthening the building of the contingent of teachers and strive to raise the quality of teachers .
李浩 , anhui , said : this year 's " two high " report on the outstanding guilty not go unpunished , and judgments made by unfair , 超期 detention , and other issues , and announced on file for investigation 贪赃枉法 suspected crimes by judicial personnel of the masses resent the most .
this company was established in 1989年8月 , the first to receive the bad assets of financial institutions , and then adopt the means of investment banks through 折价 purchase and other means to sort out the these assets , assessment , classification and reorganization , auction sale and successfully resolved the problem of large - scale bad assets .
elmer fung also said that chen yunlin pointed out that the leaders of the cpc have always speech , have not said : according to the " one china " is that " the people 's republic . " he said , chen shui - bian 's inaugural speech , china and the three choices :
the first political commissar of the participating in the training generally feel that after the adjustment of reform , the work standards of reserve units have high 担子 , the pressure of a is facing an urgent task of how to carry out new knowledge 补差 training .
taiwan compatriots are NULL 迁徙 from the mainland to taiwan , the use of words of the same language , taiwan compatriots in the mainland have blood relatives , and every year , quite a number of taiwan compatriots but also to fujian 拜 common ancestors memorial mazu , to 黄帝陵 拜 memorial the chinese nation .
therefore , it is necessary to attach importance to and give full play to the non - government , annan has proposed the " non - governmental society " with the united nations to link the role of international organization in handling international affairs , stressed : the role of the people and non - government organizations , and other non - national organization .
looking back at the past 20 - odd years , cross - strait relations is achieved very large - scale development , and this shows that we are under the concept of china , under the premise of the one - china in many fields relatively 易於 the same , communication , but also demand and promote by the people , and have embarked on the road .
leading cadres 带头 practice the " three represents " important thinking , the most important is the firm ideals and convictions , construction with chinese characteristics common ideal of socialism and realize the goal of communism 远大 , as belief of life unchanged and pursue .
after arriving in northern shaanxi , he resolutely support comrade mao zedong 's correct leadership and consciously safeguard the cpc central committee 's authority , and an example in carrying out the party 's decision in various fields , the cpc central committee , and on the one hand red army main force of the long march to strengthen internal unity of the red army has done a great deal of work .
the relationship between corrupt elements within the although accounted for only a very small number of , however , they have seriously tarnished the image of the party and the government in the course of the masses , and the impact of the party and the government and the masses , undermine the overall situation of reform , development , and stability .
for instance , an enterprise is to engage in export of products , or engage in export of capital , the key is a choice will be determined to the interests of the enterprises themselves , if enterprises in the domestic operation , 那麽它 not necessarily 非要 " going out , " and " going out " is a choice of interests , and not to " go out " and " going out . "
some leaders and members in recent years the six countries had visit in china , and the situation of them spoke highly of china 's political stability , economic development , national unity , and hopes to further expand exchanges and mutual visits in the future , and let more people understand china .
it is necessary to comprehensively sort out the balance of payments situation for the budget units can formulate 定员 , and the funds for fixed standard , various departments to provide of drawing up the budget assessment budget execution , to lay a good foundation for the reform of the work of drawing up the budget .
at present , the united states has completely international disarmament and arms control the progress made in the revision of the " anti - ballistic missile treaty , and dangerous . this will make the process of international disarmament and arms control irreversible , bent on the development and deployment of a missile defense system ,
however , explicitly will be extended to a " faithful representative of the " three " faithfully represents , " and " faithfully represents " put forward hua wen hua ] , this is also the first time in the history of party - building theory of marxism . first , not only in the course of our party 's historical document
the corrosion we must always use the " three represents " unify our thinking , enhance our understanding , and resolutely resist various erroneous ideological trends and unswervingly maintain the party 's absolute leadership over the armed forces will always be loyal to the party and the people , to the country and to socialism .
the topic of " one china - state theory , " then again put forward in his inaugural speech , " after chen shui - bian 's election has proposed that is , " future one china is to recently appeared is the " spirit of ' 92 . "
jiang zemin said : although china and samoa are far apart , social systems and level of development not entirely the same , and cultural traditions are worlds , however , with the developing countries in the asia - pacific region , and both shoulder the task of safeguarding national sovereignty and territorial integrity , developing the economy , and improving the living standards of the people .
religious figures in view of the united states put forward some news reports said that had an arrest of the chinese christian , pastor cao shengjie , vice president of the christian council of china said that she know the report by the number of cases specific conditions , but point , we can certainly , no one will have been arrested . because of religious belief in china
this is because the film close to the reality of life , directly social contradictions , molding 有血有肉 figures acute conflicts in the right and the duty , and the situation , and the law , and see to it that 艺术性 and ideological , shocking power and appeal , the organic unity .
in answering a question on the question of the chinese religious circles in the government 's crackdown on " falungong " falungong " what kind of attitude and master sheng hui 's said : " falungong " has caused more than 1,600 deaths , and drug harm to the people there is no different .
" network people 面世 worth 庆贺 " 23 august on the morning of renmin ribao director bai keming , the chief editor xu zhongtian , accompanied by 吴恒权 deputy chief editor and director of the internet center to the scene watched the " people 's network " number of congratulations to the " people 's network " public appearance for the first time .
on 4 january , the dprk with italian the establishment of diplomatic relations , thereby become a country , following the austria and sweden , denmark and finland , and portugal , and the sixth with the first relations between the dprk and the realization of the normalization of the eu countries , and is also the seven major western industrialized countries officially established diplomatic ties with the dprk . the italian
article : " is " deal with its history of aggression two great disparity beijing , 28 aug - - " is " news weekly " sponsored by the xinhua news agency in the 35 th , today published a signed 唐天日 article , entitled " two great disparity " toward history of aggression .
the meeting with deng xiaoping theory as the guide , comprehensively analyzed the trend of development of china 's aging population , sum up and exchange the experience of the old - age work , further clarified the 老龄 the principle of guiding ideology and principle and objective of the work of work , and make arrangements on doing a good job of old - age work .
according to reflect the villagers , 周银荃 witnessed " 大字报 " conflicts , in an effort to NULL village cadres , because of the housing construction , and other issues , and village party branch secretaries , director of the village 治保 , such as village cadres and public security departments arrested .
to meet the needs of combat readiness people 's air defense system question : the civil air defense is a complicated systems engineering , through many work , it is not merely a number of " air - raid shelters , " but should form a air defense system , and the northeast people 's air defense system is how to establish and develop ?
at the end of 1998 , the ambassador said , including has signed 33 cooperation projects between president jiang zemin 's visit to japan , china and japan . these projects in the political , economic , trade , science and technology , culture and education , the issue of globalization and regional issues , such as extremely broad fields .
the " two red army " deputy legqog , tanks " shock brigade " pass through amid the smoke of gunpowder , to rely on the implementation of the enemy 钳形 a pincer attack solid base to stubbornly resist , in which the enemy 's suddenly 行进 firing of the over 2,000 meters and a 炸响 过后 , the " enemy " 地堡 灰飞烟灭 .
in addition , industrial circles to a considerable influence of the republican party , also 亟盼 the new government can to maintain friendly relations , so as to promote bilateral trade and investment activities ; this case , bush jr. to the chinese communists will inevitably it is necessary to 谨言慎行 , so as to avoid 激怒 business circles supporters with the chinese communists regime .
一九二二年 issued the following the declaration " said , " china is a country of reunification , this point has firmly india in our country 's sense of historical , it was precisely this kind of awareness so that we can as a country which was down . "
it is necessary to to the advent of the new century will face challenges from realizing the requirements of the " three represents " and do a good job of ideological , political , and organizational preparations for the high plane of strategy , fully understand do a good job in colleges and universities the work of the importance of the " three stresses " education , and actively do a good job in every stage , and continually enhance the ideological understanding , and effectively guard against and overcome 厌烦 松劲 .
jiang zemin stressed : in the new century , and only by adhering to the development of the most extensive patriotic united front , our party led the unity of all the realization of the common efforts of the sons and daughters of the chinese nation 's great rejuvenation of the more successful .
in the course of clothing , food , housing , transportation , and culture and entertainment consumption expenditure , food , clothing expenditure is a 平缓 growth , and transportation , telecommunications , and living , culture and entertainment consumption , and rapid growth , gradually becoming residents ' consumption hot spots .
in particular , 重修 京义 railway the agreement reached , the economic artery in order to connect the north - south to irradiate vigor and enormous vitality to the development of the north and the south , and the construction of the eurasia continental bridge " eurasian continent and economic cooperation , " have important significance .
more of attention , has a bearing on the vital interests of the voters have vividly welfare , the us domestic policies for example , taxation , social , and medical care , education , and so on , therefore , no matter how is bush or gore , are not in the campaign to energy spent on NULL policy toward china and expounded his policy .
the participants said : it is necessary to the in - depth study and implementation of the spirit , in light of their own characteristics , and give full play to the advantages , 's political situation for the building of socialism with chinese characteristics , economic , political , and cultural service to the maintenance of stability and unity , and for realizing the motherland 's complete reunification , and for safeguarding world peace and promoting common development services .
in coordination with the development of the tourist industry is inseparable from the civil aviation , railway , communications , and other industries cooperation is inseparable from the plan , fiscal , financial , and other departments effective support , cannot be separated from commercial , and 餐饮 , entertainment , and other aspects of supporting services .
he said : since the establishment of the communist party of china in 1986 , formally establish friendly relations with the syrian renaissance party , high - level visits continuously , friendly exchanges have increased with each passing day , and open up new channels for the comprehensive development of relations between the two countries , and has added new contents .
a host of facts show that , the " falungong " organization and activities in hong kong , NULL are taking place in a qualitative is totally the name of religion , culture , political , and may produce a threat , it is necessary to conscientiously to analyze and solemnly attention . to its
the two sides also had a friendly manner exchange of views on the us arms sales to taiwan , frank , china 's accession to the world trade organization , the united states " national missile defense [ nmd ] system " and " theater missile defense system , " " law " and other issues .
at the same time , all units also sent " 课外辅导 member of the " remote rural and pastoral areas , and 农牧 a delegation to all ethnic groups in - depth of the masses and popularize the knowledge of popularizing science , and help the broad masses of peasants and herdsmen a clear understanding of the evil cult nature of " falungong " and jointly safeguard the frontier prosperity and stability .
after informed sources have revealed that zhuang rushun 未遂 commit suicide , 悔 have the intention to involved in the yuanhua case first line of fujian province minister 李闽忠 of the propaganda department of the provincial party committee , accepting bribes from lai changxing high - level in his post as the zhangzhou city cpc committee and secretary of the vehicles , and other .
in fact , the dprk iraq , libya , iran , and other is the third world countries , they did not 核导弹 , NULL possible for the united states indeed 核威胁 ? NULL , some countries have a small number of ballistic missiles , such as iraq is an example .
with long - term of the institute of himself to the united states and its people particularly strong sense of anxiety , the united states are very little 自吹自擂 time , the general impression of this does not work , it also insufficient , 颇有 高处 are hard to promote .
郭寿康 享有盛誉 law in the international community 於世贸 rules in many aspects , china is still no legislation , recently pointed out : the law , telecommunications , and protect the integrated circuits undertaken by china in the service trade , and protective measures to make design , need to be 提上 legislative agenda as soon as possible .
general , he also has his opinion , his responsibility , and 见识 , he is still very important views different members ' speeches , i feel that this spirit , we should carry forward in which the scope of the cppcc national committee .
when answering reporters on china 's accession to the world trade organization [ wto ] have to hong kong , and macao regions , economic , shi guangsheng said : after china 's accession to the world trade organization , not only will the mainland to china development opportunities , but also will have a positive impact on the economic development of the hong kong and macao , and bring opportunities for development .
in the near future is facing three major tests if the bush administration took office in the past two months the two sides is at a stage of mutual testing each other , run - in period , and it is in the next few months of sino - us relations between the two countries may face of the three major tests .
this 窘况 , at the end of last year , a report of the us think tank the commentary says , " in asia , the status of the control of the united states has been full of mixed welcome , " because of the asian financial crisis shows that , " when the united states should help friends , the united states did not help them " .
since the birth of marxism , and generation to generation of marxism in accordance with the law of practice and understanding , again practice , 再认识 , with the times , continuously study new situations and resolve new problems , create new experiences , thus promoting of marxism in the course of constantly open up new realms .
this plane collision incident , which occurred in the airspace over the south china sea , china has aroused strong indignation , in the near future , said : it is a to the chinese people that they must repay the blood debt owed , since the government of the us bombing of the chinese embassy in yugoslavia are not as .
XHZSS0024. 4329 20010407 ( xinhua ) - - president jiang zemin delivered a speech in latin america and the caribbean and economic committee of the united nations santiago , 6 apr - - chinese president jiang zemin said here on 6 june the united nations latin america and the caribbean and economic committee , made a speech entitled " jointly create the sino - latin american friendly cooperation between the new century " speech .
zaldivar 's capacity of 1985年 of your excellency visited china , expressed the belief that you visited china once again , we will see changes have taken place in china , will certainly is very useful to enhance mutual understanding and promote our two sides sino - chilean friendship and cooperation .
a sound of blessings telephone , a NULL kept warming the letter to us individually , the east of sokch 束 绽开 flowers , NULL into a shares love , people love for wang wei 's lives to huzhou to the lingshui , sent to beijing to sea between the day .
the taiwan military 's main battle weapon firing , most prominent for long - distance offensive weapons , and overall combat capability outside the taiwan armed forces " fighting a decisive battle " new strategic concept , and also pay attention to in the exercise NULL tactical application for new - type weapons , so as to test their tactical technological functions , and effectively play various types of weapons .
he expressed his high appreciation for the development and the achievements made by china in economic construction and to austria enterprises will be able to take part in the development of china 's feel proud , and that for the future cooperation in various fields between the two sides are full of confidence .
the editorial holds that , fruits , no matter how many 华丽 修辞 , if the first " consensus " denying , causing the most basic dialogue and exchanges will be impossible to start , it would be 奢 said the next step is to reduce a misunderstanding .
the foreign exchange of assets ; on the other hand use of view , on the one hand , attract foreign capital in the cost of a relatively high , on the other hand , it reserves a lot of low income from the funds have two - thirds of the foreign exchange reserves , on the other hand and the ability to resist the international speculation capital the impact of the world .
fourth , perfect the system of laws and regulations on national defense education , strengthen supervision and inspection of law enforcement the " national defense education law will " the national defense law " and the " education law on national defense education provisions in this connection , but also provide a basis for improving the system of laws and regulations and rules relevant national defense education .
in order to ensure that the acts of night mobility , they 无 照明 , at night 课目 as to strengthen training , technical support by the division of 轮训 , integration , training , and other forms of training , and gradually breakthroughs at night mobile operations . " bottleneck "
if the nmd program 付诸实施 , and will damage the global strategic balance and stability , harm the mutual trust and cooperation , and obstructed the process of international disarmament and antiproliferation efforts , among the major powers and trigger a new round of the arms race .
according to reports , the seven year since chen shui - bian administration took office , the number of people of the whole island commit suicide 二千六百 , the average daily , create , and suicides the reason is the most because the unemployed . over the past years of the ninth
han seung soo stressed : since president kim tae - chung continue to pursue the ruling party , and the rok government set policy toward the dprk , spoke highly of china 's positive role in safeguarding peace and stability in the region , especially in the peace process on the korean peninsula to promote .
jiang chunyun said : over the past few years , the chinese family planning to defend herself commended a large number of advanced units and progressive individuals , various localities in the whole country with a number of advanced models , how to promoting the reform of these typical experiences , and bring them over 开花结果 , and promote the work of the association the overall level of improving is a major event of the need to exert efforts .
li peng stressed that the implementation of the organic law of villagers committees , and strengthened the confidence and determination of the peasant masses to follow the building of the socialist road with chinese characteristics , to consolidate its foundation as the ruling party in the rural areas to carry forward the superiority of the socialist system in our country .
张健 said that he is the first was the destruction of units of the cpc to cope with barehanded students , after several hours , he him or her to the hospital , with a vehicle by the students still four injured , students , and 满目疮痍 , the hospital casualties has committed towering innocent students and workers of the support of movement of the people .
shanghai , 15 jun ( 周晓华 潘清 ) - - chinese foreign ministry , vice minister of 张德广 said : today , the " shanghai cooperation organization " all member states of the heads of state meeting agenda have been smooth completion of the predicted target have been achieved a complete success .
although in which has - based , the government consideration to the political stand and did not to support in policy , and constantly also reminded the nongovernmental units it is necessary to pay attention to the united front work department of the cpc , however , the viewpoint of the non - governmental a more supporters , tendency .
this rumsfeld 's new military strategy , " this important strategic the " cornerstone of war preparations for key to the hidden security of the asia , so as to cope with possible " damage the us national interests in the region and major events . "
ruling the party in strict fashion , it is necessary to comprehensively implement the party 's ideological , political , organizational , and work style building and truly embody to carry out education on party organizations at all levels and the broad masses of party members and cadres , management , and supervision of various links .
the second is to promote the reform of the financial system , it is necessary to actively promote the department budget system of reform , the state treasury centralized receipt - payment system reform and tax and fee reform , we must continue to conscientiously implement the " revenue and expenditure " provisions , NULL strengthen supervision and management of funds .
the regiment in equipment management center , the radar station at any time NULL registration statistical data and materials storage situations , the various statements of radar station can also e - mail direct 传到 equipment management center and started to " science and technology " management .
after his return to taiwan , less than two months , he advocated by the " government of all people " collapsed , the dpp 被迫 a " minority government , " the construction of the " nuclear four " lead to an opposition party alliance confrontation between the democratic progressive party , taiwan 's political situation is chaotic state of turbulence .
in august last year when chen shui - bian the first visit , he separately gave the red packets $ 布基纳法索 the dominican 哥斯达黎加 四百六十万四千二百万三千万 , claimed that " the new government 's case aid loans case of the old regime will have to bear to sum up , " and ensure the future " aid will increase . "
first , the development of a number of large companies and enterprise groups that has a bearing on the overall situation of economic development in recent years , many comrades are deeply understand , it is necessary to take part in international competition , we also lack of such a number of large companies and enterprise groups have international competitiveness .
老同志 they said , the spirit of the study and comprehend " 1 july " speech is a major event of the whole party , as the responsibility of the concept of veteran comrades , we cannot retired party members , obligations cannot 丢 , we must conscientiously study and firmly support general secretary jiang zemin , general secretary of the " 1 july " important speech .
practice has proven that china 's oil companies capable of 拿回 in overseas businesses , to the state 's share of oil , and we should increase its input in overseas , strive to raise the proportion of the share of oil in the import of oil . a relatively rapid
all relevant that war of aggression , within the yasukuni shrine is " greater east asia war " and even 妄称 " greater east asia war " is a " jihad " the japanese army from under the rule of the white liberation of asian countries .
